Someone at her school died Acts like she was friends with him to get attention
discovers annoying Facebook girl meme posts it on Facebook, "OMG THIS IS SOOOO MEEEE!!!!! LOLOLOLOLOL"
Fuck what other people think like if you agree 
Has 99 problems bitches about every single one
OMG you play games get a life LOSER spends 16 hours on facebook and says she cant live without a phone
Puts in song quote That'll show him
Posts pretentious quotes all the time Hasn't read a book in 10 years
i was unhappy earlier today but now I'm happy again lol so bipolar
Goes out to get ice cream 23 new photos
‎_██_*。* ./ \ .˛* .˛.*.★* *★ 。* ˛. (´• ̮•)*˛°*/.♫.♫\*˛.* ˛_Π_____. * ˛* .°( . • . ) ˛°./• '♫ ' R
Wishes dad happy fathers day on facebook Dad doesn't use facebook
Omg! I have ADHD I need medicine! Drinks 4 cups of coffee daily, gets 5 hours of sleep a night and only eats processed foods.
"happy mother's day to the best mom everrrr!!" is an ungrateful bitch in real life
They Killed Gadhafi Take that Taliban
Something horrible happened? I better 'like' and 'share' everything about it so you can see how much I care.
Takes instagram photo of her restaurant plate: "BEST DINNER EVER! So good!" Cheeseburger and fries from Applebees
Writes heartfelt status wishing happy birthday to her mom who doesn't have facebook
can't eat out on her birthday too busy celebrating on facebook
i wish ppl would lern the differences btwn "ur" and "ure" omg im such an      gramr nazi !
Learns about memes Ruins them forever
Adds you on facebook 3 weeks later  "um who are you?"
How do you know memes? you're never on facebook
posts photo with no makeup "not every girl needs makeup!" photo is in high contrast black and white
LMS if YOU THINK I'M PRETTY
its annoying how young kids already have the iphone when i was 11 i had a flip phone wow people are spoiled!!!!
"Only 90's kids will remember this!!!"  Born in 1998
Makes photo album of shitty pictures of sunset Labels it "Photography"
Constantly posts inspirational quotes and pictures Has been out of high school for six years, hasn't done anything
ohmygawd legalize gay marriage already! doesn't show up  to vote
Uses hash tags on facebook
OMG guys stop saying Y.O.L.O. you don't have enough swag to say that
I'm tired of guys only liking me for my body posts hundreds of half-naked photos
OMG this facebook post is hilarious you should post it on reddit
Attention whores are so annoying "Like" if you agree
"OMG I MISS THE 90S!!!!!!!!" WAS BORN IN 1999
OMG I have insomnia goes to bed at 2am wakes up at noon
Sucked 50 Dicks In One Semester  Facebook Favorite Book: Bible
Gunnaa get messyy tonite with my girls 13 years old.
Constantly posts facebook statuses about how real men should treat their girlfriend. Biggest whore you know
OMG I, Like, HATE MY PARENTS! THEY MAKE ME DO CHORES AND STUFF. I swear to god i'm not their servant! Laptop gets 8 bullets
sees that one of he friends just changed her relationship status to single fuck him i love you girl and heartz
Works out Tells everyone
12:01 OMGGGGGG MERRI CRISTMAS!!111!1 <3 <3 <3
Like if you like muffins  ignore if you worship the devil
I'm so in love! No one could ever replace what i feel for him <3 is twelve
Bitches about waiter's bad English In bad English
bypasses the wikipedia blackout omg im such a hackerrrrr lol!
"i'm so hungry! #fatty" weighs 95 pounds
LOOK AT THE CUTE KITTY  http://www.google.no/imgres?q=kitty&um=1&hl=no&safe=off&sa=N&biw=1920&bih=955&tbm=isch&tbnid=N2HdRfJahhefaM:&imgrefurl=http://www.dailycuteness.com/poor-kitty.html&docid=2dDATU1iVQAA_M&imgurl=http://www.dailycuteness.com/wp-content
"You only live once!" Sits at home watching jersey shore
"i'm such a 90's kid" born in 1997
"I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best." — Marilyn Monroe TL;DNR  I'm a cunt
gets engaged updates status before calling parents
"omg soooo inspiring if you don't watch then your heartless!!!" doesn't actually do anything to help the campaign
5 - 5 + 5 + 5 - 5 + 5 x 0 = 0
yeah those 1990s problems sucked! born in 1998
Single: fuck men all i need is my gurls <3 relationship: fuck everyone all i need is my man
"omg shark week can't wait lololol!" doesn't actually watch shark week
"dear Facebook, quit trying to be twitter lmfao!!! #hateit" #hashtagseverystatus
She isn't on facebook! How was I supposed to know today was mom's birthday?!
starts new relationship  "i have the best boyfriend ever" 3 times a day till they break up
single: OMG I hate Valentine's day! Taken: look at everything my bf got me for valentine's day!
Did somehting today with friend that no one else will know about Better post it to their wall so people know we did somehting today and that they were'nt there
is single, is in a relationship, is single, is in a relationship, is single , in a relationhip All in one hour
Photo Album named "photography" 157 pictures of her eye taken with a webcam.
"I'm not like most girls" Is exactly like most girls
Posts mysteriously depressed status Doesn't want to talk about it when asked what's wrong
Everyone on Facebook is fake except me
eats a sandwich posts instagram photo of it 
"I remember 2011 like it was yesterday lolz!" Thinks status is completely original
The Narwhal bacons at midnight LOL i'm so random
Argues with someone in Facbook and loses deletes every single one of her comments when finished so people cant laugh at her
"OMG I HATE FAKE FRIENDSSSS" Has 4138 facebook friends
Cupcakes sausage lol im so random
i love the big bang theory haha im such a nerd lolololol
"OMG people who get married in their early 20's are sooo irresponsible"  is 20 and has a kid
Orders honey chicken at chinese restaurant. "omg i'm so cultured for having exotic asian dishes"
Single to in a relationship  5 times a week
OMG U READ MY STATUS?! WHAT A CREEPER
OMG TODAY WAS THE WORST DAY EVER I DON'T EVEN WANNA TALK ABOUT IT SO DON'T ASK
Hand on hip in every picture
Someone posts a status about a movie thay just saw comments "OMG I MISS YOUUUU"
"Picnik is being taken down..." "I hate PIPA!!!"
Finds out she's annoying facebook girl "you'll never believe what I just found out..."
Favorite Quote: "live each day like it's your last!" Plays farmville  10 hours a day
Writes "Im so ugly!" on picture Gets mad when you agree
Tells people she is over her past relationship Continuously posts sad song lyrics about her past relationship
brags about how much her boyfriend loves her is in seventh grade.
Says, "Omg if ur gonna say shit about me behind my back, why dont u just say it to my face?!" on facebook
I'M SO FOREVER ALONE!! GETS A NEW BOYFRIEND EVERY WEEK
TAKE black and white camera phone photos update profile interests: photography
"omg i hate facebook" posts on facebook for people on facebook to read
spellssss everythingggggg likeeee thissss
goes for a chinese, asks for everyones fortune cookies enough deep status updates for a week
Didn't log off on friends laptop "OMG HACKED BY MACY LOVE YOU GIRL *KISSES* <3 <3 <3"
11/11/11 11:11:11 OMGGGGGGGGGGG
Studies at Hogwarts School Of Witchcraft and Wizardry
"8 Year Olds Today Have Facebook , Twitter , iPads , & iPhones . When I Was 8 I Had A Coloring Book , Crayons , & An Imagination ." Had a cellphone and ipod when she was nine
Makes a comment to insult your intelligence spells "stupid" and "retarded" wrong
copy and paste quotes from famous people look how deep i am
posts slutty picture to get attention offended when the picture gets attention
Stays up until 1:40 am "uuggghh i'm such an insomniac!"
Gets in argument Uses smiley faces and "lol" to look less like a bitch
About me: i thank god for all he's granted me status update: gettin crunk n drunk wit mah gurlz
" omg i hate people!" has 1,000 friends on facebook
Family Status: ALL FRIENDS ARE SIBLINGS
Spends 5 minutes tidying room OMG I HAVE OCD
Posts picture of her sitting in a tree with a serious face model!
Just got in a relationship 800 pictures in a new album called ~*Mah new boiifraaand <3333333333333333*~
Cute kitten: 100,000 LIKES SCIENTISTS CURE CANCER: 0 LIKES
Has no biological basis for saying gays are born that way...  acts like disapproval of homosexuality is a direct parallel with racism,
"OMG girl i miss you soooooo muchhh <3<3 can we hang out soon like old timesssssssssssssss???????????" Never hangs out
Single for one day Acts like she has been alone for forever
"OMG Best. Weekend. EVER!" Every weekend
"OMG Stupid drama!!" Started it
"I'm not like most girls" Is exactly like most girls
BUt, like if there was no money in the world Then, like we'd all be poor and couldn't afford stuff
Favorite Books I hate books
FACEBOOK JUST RELEASED THEIR PRICE GRID FOR MEMBERSHIP. $9.99 PER MONTH FOR GOLD MEMBER SERVICES, $6.99 PER MONTH FOR SILVER MEMBER SERVICES, $3.99 PER MONTH FOR BRONZE MEMBER SERVICES, FREE IF YOU COPY AND PASTE THIS MESSAGE BEFORE MIDNIGHT TONIGHT. WHEN
Countdown to my birthday 189 DAYS!!!!
posts location, statuses, photos, and videos 24/7 uses middle name because she doesnt want stalkers
Why do people waste their time with video games? Jersey Shore night! lololol
SHARES KONY VIDEO WITH EVERYONE AFTER JASON RUSSELL'S ARREST: "YOU CAN'T JUST BLINDLY BELIEVE EVERYTHING YOU SEE ON THE INTERNET!! #WISDOM"
i think Pepsi is better than coke omg so different than everybody else
I dont always post on your wall But when i do its because i answered a question about you
Music is my religion Favourite artist:          Lil Wayne
"bitch, talk shit about me to my face" makes it her status
40k viruses from downloading crap OMG WTF...I'm sooooo buying a Mac!
Complains about bad drivers from her iphone while in traffic
10:18 AM "Face your problems, don't facebook them" 10:22 AM "OMMGGG straightener isn't working :("
Lists bible as favorite book in profile.   Has never actually read the bible. 
The Big Bang Theory is so funny I am such a nerd
gets pregnant makes facebook account for unborn child
Takes black and white photo of a lawn chair thinks she's a photographer
Just Celebrated 7 week anniversary "OMG, we're like an old married couple!"
I have the best boyfriend in the whole wide world!! <3 Single two weeks later
Sees someone say "black person" OMG UR SO RACIST
going to the store better tell everyone
dad bought me the black iphone instead of the white one fml!!!!
book interests: i don't read!
"OMG I HATE ATTENTION WHORES" "LIKE IF YOU AGREE"
"Oh no, Im getting pulled over :'(" Sent from my iphone
quotes song about living in Los Angeles lives in indiana
buy $800 DSLR camera takes pictures of self and food only
Addd extra lettersss afterrr everyyy woooordddddd
Hates when people talk behind other peoples backs Yeah you know who you are bitch
apparently HAS PROBLEMSSSSSSSSSSSSSS with her keyboardddddddddddddd
goes to bathroom with friend 30 minute photoshoot
all her statuses are inferior to 3
posts meaningless lyrics on facebook put's a heart at the end of the lyrics
Tells you how much she hates jessica writes on jessica's wall: "OMG i loveee youu and missss you girrrrrly!"
last day of school before christmas break OMG see you next year lol!!!11!!1
I'm not a bitch I just tell it like it is
Uses facebook 20 hours straight you play games? get a life
Mispells words on purpose to indicate she's drunk
joined a sorority 1 day ago 9 status updates of how much she loves her sisters
If I Start Every Word With A Capital Letter Some Of Them Will Be In The Right Places
OMG! IS it friday yet?!!
11 years old with iphone and macbook "we are the 99%"
Writes "Happy birthdayy" on your wall Has never said a word to you in person
Favorite quotes:"Shoot for the moon even if you miss you will land among the stars."
Like if you loved growing up in the 90s!! Born 1999
THERE, THEY'RE AND THEIR ARE INTERCHANGABLE
"boys are such jerks" surrounds herself with the biggest tools possible on purpose
"I think I'm going to take a hot shower" "its like a normal shower but with me in it"
HAS ONE-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER WHO CAN'T READ ENDS EVERY STATUS WITH "MOMMY LOVES YOU LACEY!"
OMG! YOU'RE NOT ON FACEBOOK? YOU NEED TO GET A LIFE!
my life is the worst right now posted via ipad
Needs Attention deletes and recreates account
posts picture of herself omg im so fat
Dear college finals, you can die. Sincerely, most-frustrated-kid-in-the-world-right-now
"omg finals were so hard!" is in high school 
Gets a new puppy puppy sends you a friend request
May 15, new photo album "Summerrrrrrrrrrr <333333"
Bin Laden died? update facebook status
omg It's twelve days until my half birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Takes one photo uses every effect on computer to make three hundred more
Likes to step on crunchy leaves "I am weird!"
Accepts friend requests from random guys "ew who are you don't comment on my status"
omg im so ugly 367 self photos in an album entitled "me"
Gets fat after high School reuses old profile pics
RIP *her own name* 1994-2011 like if you would have cared
Ignores your calls and texts "likes" all your posts
uploads bikini picture 12 female friends make comments about how sexy she looks within the first 5 minutes
Like if you grew up in the nineties Born in 1999
Status update ‎3 apples changed the world  1. that tempted Eve 2.the one that fell on Newton 3. the one built by Steve Jobs <3
Posts vague, cryptic facebook status update doesn't want to talk about it on the internet
OMG I hate Teenage Drivers! Is 20 years old
first day of spanish class Languages: English, Spanish.
day 2 of break "Christmas Break" album: 200 new pictures
BF takes me to french restaurant I'll have the chicken strips please. 
please pray for the people of norway <3 has no idea where norway is and doesn't go to church
Jenny is no longer in a relationship with ____ "Liked" by 12 guys who want to bang her next
COMMENTS ON HOW MUCH SHE HATES FACEBOOK ON FACEBOOK
"omg i hate my life!!1" Has friends, loving family and a roof over her head
"only 10 days left! so pumped!" never says what is going to happen
posts picture with obvious cleavage "omg stop commenting about my boobs"
Lists favourite Quotations: Shit her friends said.
Refuses to make a twitter #facebookstatus
In-Dash GPS in Luxury SUV won't find a Starbucks "OMG MY CARS SO GETTO"
post new picture on Facebook asks everyone to "like" it
Tilts head In every picture
please nobody tell her about google+
posts slutty picture all guys who comment on it are "creeps" except the ones she thinks are hot
upload picture, tag self, make profile picture OMGZ i look gross in this pic
Has nothing useful  to say just posts song lyrics on status
"omg, the 90's were the best <333" born in 1998
Screw canada  i'm moving to hawaii
Deleted facebook because of too much drama Reactivates facebook the next day and updates staus to imm bak who missssed mee?
"OMG I love my boyfriend, he is my life!" Been dating for 2 weeks.
Take someone else's laundry, pick out a hoodie "OMG look what my bf gave me!! <3<3<3!!!!"
Comments on your photo: "you would!"
SENDs message to friend on facebook posts on friends wall immediately:"check inbox!!"
omg i hate when my food touches i'm so ocd
"HAPPY birthday DAD! i love you sooooo much!!! <3" Dad doesnt even have a facebook account 
UPLOADS HOT BIKINI PIC I'M FAT Caption 3 goes here
Has one drink for entire night OMG I was so drunk last night
Middle finger profile picture I'm so rebellious!
someone famous died? better update my status so everyone knows that i know too
"omg so tired of this. deleting my fb for real this time" reactivates account within 12 hours
uses hashtags on facebook
"OMG timeline! i hate facebook!!" updates her cover photo 20 times
Still awake at 11 OMG I HAVE IMSOMNIA
Likes to step on crunchy leaves "I am weird!"
Quotes: "Be the change you want to see in the world" TV Shows: Keeping up with the Kardashians
OMG I'M SO OLD IT'S BEEN LIKE 10 YEARS SINCE 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY 
"I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle.  But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best."
"girls are so slutty nowadays!" sluttiest girl you know
Some asshole on a cellphone just cut me off! *updated 1 min ago via mobile
Makes a facebook profile for her dog
watches star trek the movie omg I'm such a nerd!
**11 Days** Counts down every day without explaining why
post philosophical quote in an attempt to look smart wrong form of you're
let's take a picture of our feet together!
OMG!! This song is sooo old! Song came out in 2009.
Gets a contact Buzz Facebook status update: "I'm so fucking stoned..."
LOVES HARRY POTTER Hates reading 
Hates dealing with stupid bitches Is a stupid bitch
Just because you were born in 1996 doesn't mean you're a 90's kid. born in '95
OMG This diet is so hard!!! stopped eating chocolate 2 days ago
"srsly, im a huuuge nerd" "HELP! how do i get rid of fb viruses!?!" 
Posts, "it needs to be summer already," 50 times spends summer on facebook
profile pic has two girls always the ugly one
"12 days left! canæ't wait!" wont tell anyone what it is about
Posts "some people are just so irresponsible!"  Dropped out of college & has illegitimate child
status is song lyrics again
i only hang out w/guys -- girls are so catty & dramatic is the catty/dramatic girl the cool chicks won't hang out with
names all of her photo albums as song lyrics
Works at: Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory
Facebook POST: So much drama at school today.  Too bad the police had to get involved. Can't talk about it on facebook, "It's personal."
Stay up until 2 am Status: Darn insomnia
"no thanks, i have a life" lives on facebook
may 11Th: OMFG HATE MY MUM so much!!! May 12: Happy Mother's day mum love you xxx!!!
Slight Changes to facebook intrface OMGGz i hate  mark zuckerberg 
Tags a picture of you Turns out its a kitten
photo album  "me myself and i" 110 photos
VAGUE STATUS FOR ATTENTION
Happy Single Awareness Day! Forever Alone LOL
Favorite quote is by Marilyn monroe has never seen a movie made before 1990
"Hacks" boyfriends facebook New status "Lol i have the best girlfriend ever <33333"
IF YOU CAN'T HANDLE ME AT MY WORST THEN YOU DON'T DESERVE ME AT MY BEST
favorite quote: "If you can't stand the heat, don't start a fire." Starts drama Hates drama
works at krusty krab
"ughhh srsly y do ppl smoke, dont they know its sooo bad for them" uses a tanning bed 2x a week
references most popular video game franchise LOL I'm such a nerd!
Earthquake UPDATES FACEBOOK STATUS
Calls you a loser for having relationship status single She is married to her roommate
RELIGION: PROUD CHRISTIAN PRIDE IS A SIN
one thing doesn't go her way fml
Watches the Daily Show&Colbert Report Becomes Political Expert
Facebook Status: Omg I'm soooo drunkkkk! Family dinner
Repeatedly Posts How Lame and Antisocial Facebook Is On Facebook
Hey guys i lost my phone send me your numbers again plzzzzz
favorite quote: live, laugh, love
if you hate her that much why don't you just fucking defriend her?
"OMG I just became a vegetarian i'm so healthy!!" Lunch consists of chips, soda, and french fries
GOD I'M SO BUSY I DON'T EVEN HAVE TIME TO BREATHE 10TH STATUS UPDATE OF THE DAY
gets pregnant sets ultrasound as profile picture
OMG SOME BITCH JUST CUT ME OFF!!! GET OFF THE PHONE!!! 3 minutes ago via iPhone, while driving
Likes the page 'i'm the girl, you're the boy: you text me!' and 55 other pages
starts dating guy in the military "likes" every military page and quote on facebook and tells everyone they need to show more support
wtf our injustice system is fucked up!!! didn't know who casey anthony was until today
puts on glasses "I'm such a nerd, lol!"
"im doing a massive clear out, will you make the cut?" doesnt delete anyone
adds all her friends as sisters
Tyypes alll theirrr wordsss wiiith toooo manyyy letteerss
Uses hashtags On every comment
went from being "single" to "in a relationship." fourth time this week, same guy
happy new years! this is the first time i've been on facebook all year lol! this is the first time i've breathed all year lol! this is the first time i've eaten all year lol! this is the first time i've watched tv all year lol! this is the first picture i
Someone posts inappropriate status omg hacked
"IT'S MY BIRTHDAY" "IN 2MONTHS AND 4 DAYS"
I want a gay best friend.  OMG I LOVE GAY GUYSSS Ew lesbians are fucking disgusting.  Get away me from dyke. That's nasty.
uses hashtags on facebook because everyone else does it doesn't even have a twitter account
11:11 OMG, Make a wish everyone!
something happened in the news and here's my opinion about it
has thousands of pictures all taken in 4 minute photo spree
relationship status: married to her equally as annoying best friend
Wish me luck! Never says what it's for
"Insert Quote" -Steve Jobs [1955-2011]
4 days... So excited!!!1
status: "oh em geee I guess you cant trust anyone anymore" 30 comments from other AFG's trying to make her feel better
Oh my god, you're gay? you should be my new gay best friend
omg its so hot out uploads 7 pictures of her cars thermometer reading
OMG I HATE FILLING OUT APPLICATIONS OMG I HATE MY JOB
Veteran's Day ... "OMG WISHES AT 11:11:11 11/11/11!!!!"
I Love editing photos sepia button, saturation meter
Posts status: I feel sodown tonight, I guess I don't have friends. five min later posts status: Omg!! I have the best frnds EVAR!!! <3 Luv you all!!. You know who you are. <3
Random girl adds you as friend complains she has too many friends every week 
Changes birthday on facebook everyone who wished me happy birthday isn't a real friend  
HARRY POTTER 4 LIFE <3<3<3 Has never read any of the books
back In my day... 19 years old
Spend several hours planning hot photo Godddd I look so ugly in this pic
Describes themselves as not religious But "spiritual"
untouched guitar in her room OMG Yeah i play guitar!!
OMG Google+ sucks You can't even play farmville on it
DUCK FACE IN EVERY PICTURE
Attends: Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry
Donnie darko was so random! <3
Congratulations If you can see this you survived round one of me cleaning my friends list
Oh my god, it's my birthday! Five weeks from tomorrow!
"OMG I'm SO fat i need to lose like 50 pounds" posts pictures of every high calorie meal she eats "mmmmmmmmmmmmmm soooooo gooooooood"
omg that awkward moment when its really not that fucking awkward at all.
"yeah fuck pop im more of a rock and metal girl \m/" music in profile: 30secondstomars, nickelback, h.i.m.
A guy happens to be in the background of her profile picture "OMG WAT A STALKER!!!1"
"Going on vacation, see you all in a week!" updates status instantly upon arrival
every friday tgif
Keeps posting how much she hates guys Fucked every guy she knows
had a few drinks  status: omgggpld imsooijoo druankknk
Says Shes Fat wears a small bikini in every picture
take picture of self at high awkward angle no one can tell how ugly i am
YOU're out of waffle cones?! worst day of my life
"I'm taking a break from facebook" New duck face picture 20 minutes later
girl i met once at a party died in a car crash she was my bff! im soooo alone!
friend forgets to sign out "you just got hacked <33"
"I hope he's okay :/" Doesn't respond when people ask what happened
FRIEND LEFT HER FACEBOOK OPEN HACKED BY ME <3 LOL
"I'm not judgmental of others!" Shouts racism if you even mention other races
Sees everyones's statuses where they complain Make status complaining about it
Finally gameday!!! doesn't even watch sports
100 new photos uploaded hasn't left the airport
SATURDAY BITCHES! DRUNK AS FUCK!!1 It's Sunday! God is good!
Marginally Inspirational Quote Every... fucking... hour
FOOTBALL IS BACKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!! Has never watched a game of football
mad about someone talking shit behind her back posts "some ppl are so fake.  u know who u r, bitch"
"omg i look sooo gross" has album of 178     self-pics
Languages known: English, Spanish, Latin, Italian Knows how to say hello in all of them and nothing else.
8 a.m.  Monday morning OMG is it friday yettttttt?  
Is that a pic of open heart surgery? No!  Just an extremely closeup pic of her supper.
take picture with elbows touching OMG! my boobs are like totally popping out!
"omgg best time at the party last  nighttt!!" Got drunk and spent the whole night crying
Has over 500 pictures has over 500 duckfaces
Favorite People Jesus, Lil Wayne
"I'm so sick of all the random friend requests" close shot of cleavage as profile pic
I figured out  that you do command on a mac instead of ctrl I feel like such a hacker
"I thank god every day for all he's given me" Posts this status every single day
Feels like she's not getting enough attention Changes birthday on facebook to today's date
"like this and I will rate you out of ten" Rates everybody 8 or higher
quotes Dalai Lama no idea who the fuck it is
"... then you don't deserve me at my best." Not worth it
"r.i.p. ryan dunn, i will miss you so much" doesn't even know who ryan dunn is 
Gets married updates status during the reception
lol i purged my friend list today 1328 friends left
tgif! doesn't have a job.
"stupid stoners talking about pot on 420 every friggin year"  talks about how drunk she got every friggin weekend
LOLZ IM SOOO DRUNK POSTS SELF PICTURES WITH CLEAVAGE FOR COMPLEMENTS 
In A relationship: "You guyz are perfect! xoxox Single: "Dw babe he wasnt worth you"
TyPe LiKe ThIs ReGaRdLeSs Of HoW LoNg It TaKeS aNd HoW aNnOyInG iT iS tO rEaD
"Going out on a date tonite hope I make a good first impression!!!" 5 months pregnant with another man's baby
20 minute light jog on the treadmill OMG the gym killed me today
Political Views: Conservative TV Shows: The Daily Show with john stewart
get dressed, put on makeup webcam photoshoot
Languages: Spanglish lolz
NEW PHONE <3 I NEED EVERYONE'S NUMBERS AGAIN
gets a new boyfriend day 1: "Omg were so in love <33333"
Owns digital camera and knows how to use picnik Creates her own photography company page
JUSTIN FUCKING BIEBER
6 PM: went from being "single" to "in a relationship." 8 PM: went from being "in a relationship" to "single."
Posts video on friends wall Of her just listening to a song
Current Location: "In the moment <3"
OMG I'M SO UGLY LIKE THIS IF YOU DISAGREE
complains about lesbians wanting to get married Relationship status: Married to best friend
Wears anti bullying shirt "omg she is such a slut" 
Make a cute face for profile picture By looking like a fish
TELLS EVERYONE THEY SURVIVED THE GREAT DE-FRIENDING DIDN'T ACTUALLY DELETE ANYONE
Lives in world full of injustice only upset over tabloids
Writes status: "I always speak my mind. I never bite my tongue." Vaguebooks all day
Wearing my bob marley shirt today!!!<33334 #yolo #420 #fukdapolice
having a special and sentimental time with long-term friends omg guys! what are we gonna name this album?
Posts chain message about bullying Harasses you about being a nerd the next day.
new relationship profile picture of them making out
Posts a Countdown for everything Birthday in 6 dayssss!
Stays up until 2 a.m. on a weeknight Status update: "OMG insomnia totally sucks you guys!!!!"
Posts status "omg I hate when people post whiny status' complaining about things" Is posting whiny status complaining about things
People need to learn to spell k thankkksss
Gets a new boyfriend, then writes on his wall: OMGGGGG I Love you so much <3<3<3
I hope I love you all my life <3 you silly silly friends of mine!!! :)
him = single her = it's complicated
Gets her driver's license "omg watch out we got a new driver on the roads lol!! stay clear lol!!!"
makes you take 40 photos because everyone didn't look perfect ends up putting every single one on facebook anyway
post about how my life is ruined "I DON'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT!"
Review ten restaurants a week on yelp post weight loss news nightly
barely knows you "You would."
christmas christmas christmas christmas  christmas christmas christmas christmas finaaaaaaals! christmas christmas christmas christmas  christmas christmas christmas christmas lol thats a really cute pic! christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas 
goes on vacation to orlando changes living location to orlando
OMG if you don't change your status you're not really in a relationship
Use fatbooth on all friends even the fat ones
on facebook 24 hours a day "OMG some people need to get a life!"
OMG WE LOST!!!!! does not know what we lost in
"OMG, why can't people take relationships seriously???" Engaged to her best friend
Keep chat offline to avoid them Posts inane bullshit to your wall anyway
Delete off Friend List Adds you again.
gets pregnant from unprotected sex posts everyday about how she can't wait for her "miracle baby"
Privacy Settings on Max 4928 friends
has a crush on a boy #Ithinkiminlove on every status
MY LIFE SUCKS MOM TOOK MY PHONE "POSTED FROM IPAD"
Friend uploads picture OMG UR so hawt!! <3
paperclip 
 i never knew who rachel starr was until i met sarina guida(;
One word facebook Comment "LOVE!"
Just took a shot EVERYONE needs to know
Tags every single friend a picture It's a picture of my foot.  
posts every detail of relationship in statuses "OMG! ppl need to stay out of my relationship!"
stuck at red light status update
I tried reddit, but I just don't get it! Facebook is so much better. I can't find my friend list anywhere, and how do I upload a profile pic? 
Dear Topic, Sincerely, First Name 
CHECKED IN AT Ma ba$eMeNtz WiT Da GurLzz ;) <3 xoxo
Born in 1999 "Lol, I'm such a 90's kid!" 
Joins group about girls with to much make-up Is a total CakeFace
OMG I hate Dramaaa! no bottom caption needed
status: "i'm bored" reposts every single day
Sees an inspirational quote on reddit Posts as facebook status
no relationship status they won't know i'm single
"OMG people who complain on fb are soooo annoying, gosh I hate it, like if you agree" fails to see irony
My ipod just played eminem, then backstreet boys, and then linkin park LOL i'm so random
 o===8
Posts chain message about bullying or cancer Forgets about it in 5 minutes
post status like own status
Adds exclamation points to everything feeling kinda depressed!!!
Y.O.L.O 8 hours a day on facebook
go on holiday to interesing cultured city 500 photos of hotel room
Has been single for a week  Better post forever alone status
status:finally pregnant!! Now I can be on teen mom
BREATHING BECOME A FAN
"like this if you're a 90's kid too!!!" born in 1997
‎2012 is officially the worst year of my life it can go ahead and end now
BECOMES A MEME NO ONE HAS PHOTO SHOPPED A DICK IN MY MOUTH YET
omg im so ugly like if u disagree
"Cartoons are so childish" Faithful watcher of trashy reality tv
blows an average persons salary on a bag to carry tampons around 
omgsh "that awkward moment when..." does not actually follow with an awkward event
Like in 3 seconds if you remember this! "OMG I TOTALLY DO!!" LIKE
single, jobless mother at 21 tells you to get your life together
"isn't that ironic???" no. it's not.
uses middle name as last name
A female friend thinks her new photo is nice: "Thanx gurl! Luv u!" A male friend thinks her new photo is nice: "OMG! This creep is stalking me!"
Decides to delete "friends" who try to get attention Posts status directing attention to deleting friends
"omg happy father's day. i love you daddy!!!" spends the rest of the year posting about how her dad is a control freak and is ruining her life.
Sends you invites to causes and charities she never donated to
"I'm not like most girls" I have nipple blades.
Education: Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardy
"Herp only shares profile information with certain people." Profile picture  in a g-string
OMG it snows INSTAGRAM EVERYTHING
OMG I'm on the front page! I better edit my post to say "OMG I'm on the front page"
Post "I'm a girl and..." on Reddit Wait for upvotes
Status: Why is my boyfriend being such a douchebag?! boyfriend sitting right next to her.
Earthquake and Hurricane?!? "OMG 2012"
omg i luv my bf so much only 12
Facebook Status: Lol i'm on facebook
sends a friend request treats you like shit in real life
"I should update my facebook status with something profound" Quotes marilyn monroe
Merry christmas eve eve
OMG I'M PREGNANT!!!! WITH A FOOD BABY!!! LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
YOLO spends it on facebook
wrong hole! mother fucker
Fuck Pigz they can all just die omg police man was shot today :''''(
Posts something on FB about always being honest.  Has been cheating on and lying to her fiance for the last 6 months.
Smoked Weed For the first time OMG Hallucinations
"omg i cant wait to get home for xmaz next week!!1 miss erry1!" 2 weeks later "this town is the same old. I cant wait to leavve!"
"Are you ever so stupid that you go in the shower with your clothing on???" no because i am not mentally retarded.
half naked profile pic "why are perverts messaging me?"
omg so bored
thought she was sneaky she wasn't
COMMENTS ON THEIR OWN STATUS 'LIKES' THEIR OWN STATUS AND COMMENT
posts song lyrics about suicide as status   "why is everybody asking if i'm depressed?!?"
"Don't Worry, Be Happy." -Bob Marley
WE JUST BOUGHT DORITOS LMAOOOOOOOO  200 NEW PHOTOS
makes ramen noodles must post a picture proving it
wears "you looked better on facebook" T-Shirt looks better on facebook
sent you a farmville request sent you a farmville request sent you a farmville request sent you a farmville request sent you a farmville request sent you a farmville request sent you a farmville request sent you a farmville request sent you a farmville re
Study mode: do not disturb! doesn't log out of facebook
Goes from 1,867 friends to 1,863 Congrats to everyone who made the cut love you guysssssss<3
likes "All music" Calls you a psycho for liking that satanic metal crap
takes picture of law books, laptop, and coffee and puts on facebook #studytime #library #lawschoolproblems #finalsweek #omg #fml #contracts #torts
reads article from the onion doesn't know it's satire
Reddit? I'll try it out!! Username: eraw173
"I'm deleting my Facebook! Too much drama!" Posts another status 5 minutes later
open mouth wheres og mudbone when you need him.
friend left facebook open? HACKED!!!!
Posts vague, angry status update. Gets mad when you ask what she's mad about.
OMG ITS 2012 the end of the world is coming
"OMG im sooo fat" has 180 bikini pics
LOOK AT ME TRANSMOGRIFIED LOOK AT ME TRANSMOGRIFIED
Gets new haircut  Puts the photo in an album titled "Newwww Meeeeeee <3<3"
"OMG im such a country girl!!!!!" freaks out at a dead animal on the side of the road
Omg I love being a 90s kid! Born in 1998
Dear Anonymous, Aim Here
"Its your not you're" lol I'm such a grammar nazi
Actual brother and sister aren't listed Best friends are listed as brothers and sisters
GOD I HATE DRAMA IN RESPONSE TO DRAMA SHE STARTED
OMG kony is terrible and needs to be stopped!!!!!!!! 3 weeks later.   Doesn't Care
Spends 10 years laughing at Whitney Houston-on-crack jokes. "ZOMG A great talent lost. R.I.P. WHITNEEE U WILL BE MISSED! XOXOXOXO"
OMG Drew should do an AMA!
you just read the first word now you cant get out .10 years ago there was a girl named amber she was teased for being a midget one night she killed a cheerleader and ate her face. when she was on her way to get more victims she fell into a sewer, now ever
accidently Takes a picture with eyes slightly closed "OMG I LOOK SO HIGH!!!"
went from "single" to "in a relationship" 3 days ago omg i have the best boyfriend in the world
OMG Your computer sucks!!! It's not a mac
Posts a photo of just her Tags self 5 days later
Declines invite to sick children charity Asks you to donate to her walkathon five minutes later
"You may say I'M a dreamer, but i'm not the only one" -Some stupid hippy
Beer can in pictures Blur it out 
3/8/2013 - ATTN: I AM DELETING FB CUZ THERE IS TO MUCH DRAM ON HERE NOWADAYZ, getalife people! 3/11/2013 - I'M BAAACK BITCHES!
tgif! doesn't have a job.
Get defriended send friend request
Talks about being alone and how life sucks Is 12 
 "OMG I'M SUCH A MATH NERD!!! LOLOLOLOLOL"
Profile --> edit your profile --> post your tweets to facebook? click
OMG, my LIFE IS SO HARD LIVES AT HOME, PARENTS PAY FOR EVERYTHING
OMG she copied my costume she is such a slut
Been in a relationship for two months Signs every comment with anniversary date
Eating a bagel SWAG
"Its so cereal" Means surreal
HAPPENS TO SEE FRIEND AT MALL "OMG THAT'S SO IRONIC!"
gave my bf a handjob in the woodssss <3 todayy was a faiiryytaleeee xoxoxo
Eats own tampons after use OMG i'm a vampire now!!!!!!
"OMG I LOVE CRAFT BEER!" Blue Moon
R.I.P Aurora victims ttc <3
Random kid at school commits suicide "omg I didn't know you but miss you forever <3<3<3"
works as a salesperson at abercrombie and fitch calls herself a "model"
Wait, we elect congress too? I thought we just got to vote for Obama
"ASPIRING" PHOTOGRAPHER TAKES MEDIOCRE PICS OF HER IN LINGERIE album title: "MODELING PICTURES"
In an open relationship with best friend Lolz
Lists Occupation As Model On Facebook All pictures are taken by male emo art student
*marilyn monroe quotes* *Marilyn Monroe Quotes*
has a baby whores him for attention and likes
quotes from gandhi and lyrics from eminem are just as meaningful
SUNDAy night post about x factor non fucking stop
Posts pics of self in bra Complains about "perverts" 
Pays photographer to take pictures of her in lingerie and posts pictures on facebook "omg im going to be a model"
ii Am soOo dEpRessED!!! I aM GoIng tO rUN aWaY FoOrevUr!! So0o tRUe!! PARENTS TOOK PHONE AWAY
I have to put on my make up before going out lol so ocd !!!
Posts about how tragic 9/11 was born in 1999
buys $7 pentagram necklace at hot topic religion: "pagan"
"Why is everyone mean to me? What did I ever do to any of you?" Is a complete bitch to everyone around her
I'll see all you guys next year it's december 31st
PERSONAL PROBLEM WITH FRIEND QUICK PUT LYRICS ON STATUS
50% of posts: Discussing the planning for her enormous wedding 50% of posts: talking about how her fiance upset her that day
Boyfriend breaks up with her "OMG all guys are sooo stupid!!!"
Omg huge dick Can i suck?
omg stop using hashtags #thisisnttwitter
Languages Spoken: Sarcasm (Fluent)
I'm not afraid to die. I'm not afraid to live. I'm not afraid to fail. I'm not afraid to succeed. I'm not afraid to fall in love. I'm not afraid to be alone. I'm just afraid I might have to stop talking about myself for five minutes.
Status: fml 2 HRs later: upload pics of trip to bahamas
Still awake at 0:30 AM Status update: Insomnia
Posts picture of her own ass Calls guys perverts for commenting
Status Update: Lyrics to a song
Forever Alone Has 28 likes from people
Post hundreds of pics on facebook calls you a stalker if you look at them
listens to nickelback omgggggg i am like such a metal head!
friend from school comments on photo eww go away you stupid stalker!
Post Kony link to facebook single handedly saved uganda
It's a FB status Not your fucking diary!
"Suffering the consequences from having to much FUNN!" Omg im such a bitch! FIRST WORLD PROBLEMS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fails french, fails spanish profile still says  "knows french, spanish"
in a relationship with: college freshman
Pucker lips, hips out hands on side take 90 pictures of this
Singing Bohemian Rhapsody on Omegle Is sooo origional!
Like my status for a truth "You seem cool" to everyone
goes to Canada, lives in the Us "omg im such a world traveller!!1!11!!1"
ugghh i spent the whole day in the library studying was on facebook the whole time
OMG CALIFORNIA IS SOOO COOL!!! BEEN THERE FOR 20 MINUTES
Complains about Stalkers "Checks in" on Facebook everywhere she goes
Posts "People suck at driving" From her phone while driving
Profile picture caption: Ehmagawd I look soooooo bad in this lol
gets called a bitch 300 new marilyn monroe quote statuses
buys Canon 7d only takes auto focus mirror pics
Why do all these old bands Keep copying GLEE songs???!?!?!?!11111
Poke war Always win
Staff member at Abercrombie & Fitch Job Description: Model
Relationship status: It's complicated Single
Friend forgets to log off facebook "LOL HACKED!"
Goes Crazy For Kony 2012 Doesn't vote.
OMG BEING PREGNANT SUCKS!! DID I MENTION I'M PREGNANT??
i'm watching the planet earth documentary lol i'm such a nerd
"fb chat is broken. Tumblr won't let me send messages and my phone keeps freezing. Technology wants me to be anti-social"
SAYS THAT RUNESCAPE IS FOR KIDS plays candy crush all day
sees annoying FB girl memes on Reddit Posts a few on Facebook to counteract own stupidity
posts a status likes it
I like to sleep I should like it on fb so everyone knows
Uses hashtag on Facebook  #fail
I love hardcore music Have you heard of asking Alexandria?
Posts that she's pregnant Chews everyone out on FB for telling her brother
says she's young, wild & free spends 6 hours a day on facebook
Adds new language to profile "fluent in sarcasm"
OMG high school kids are so immature flunking college
OMG LETS GET DRUNK AND MAKE OUT WITH EACH OTHER!!
I'm sooooo confused right now! Don't ask me why, it's none of your business
Make fun of nerds for having no life spend 5 hours on face book
"OMg, i can't believe i dated such a loser" they're back together within a week
"feeling so sad.." "what's wrong?" "nothing"
Gets very drunk and tries weed for the first time OMG I felt so sick the next day! Never trying weed again! 
profile picture from sluttier  to sluttiest
posts general invite to do something Turns you down when you volunteer
needs more attention: "Gone vegetarian!" eating meat the next day at lunch
invites you to event "NEW PHONE!!!!!"
Religious views I walk with him in the light though I am alone in the darkness
"Don't worry if people laugh at you because you're different. Laugh at them because they're all the same" Only wears Hollister
Discovers What people Think I do meme OMG LOL I SHOULD POST TO FB
 yolo
anti-valentine's day post every 2 hours
I broke up with my boyfriend!  #foreveralone
Is soooo drunk right now!!!! is not drunk right now
Sept 11th (NY) Jan 11th (Haiti) and March 11th (Japan)... Luke 21:10-11, Jesus said to his disciples : "Nations will rise against nations, and kingdoms angainst kingdoms. There will be great earthquakes, famines, and pestilences in various places and fear
Posts picture of herself in the bathroom looking in the mirror Tags 25 Friends in it
Happy Mother's day to my mommy! Her mom has no facebook account
been with a guy for an hour status: "omg boo i luv you so much! dont leave me! <333333"
"FEELING DIRTY! lol! hit me up ;)" Religion: Catholic and proud ;D
Has new boy friend refers to him as "him" in every status
Post lame song lyrics 36 People like this
giving birth Updates FB before pushing
sees annoying facebook girl meme doesn't get it
jon stewart for president!!! isn't allowed to watch comedy central
got to study for test tomorrow 10 minutes later: i just reached level 30 in farmville
I <3 Nerds only dates club bouncers
Doesnt like guys staring at her boobs Wears revealing tanktop in middle of winter.
Favorite Quotes: ‎"Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain." <3333
LIKE OMG TWINSIES
obsessed with final harry potter movie never read a single book in the series
young mother: baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby!
has a beef with someone posts cryptic passive-aggressive status about it instead of talking to that person
OMG IM SUCH A METALHEAD Goes to Green Day concert
going to the Gym, lol im such a fitness freak! goes to use tanning bed
spend day at home 5 facebook posts an hour about lady gaga
John mayer coming to west point ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod 
Facebook is updated apocalypse
Uploads pic purposely showing her boobs yells at guy who mentions them
makes detailed profile containing all her favorite media and her opinions refers to anyone who even bothers to read it as a "creeper"
power goes out for 5 minutes FML!!!!!
This is terrible, worst day of my life!!! Says, "Long Story" when asked what's wrong.
Posts 1,000 pictures of herself comments "eww i am ugly" on every one
Nothing new to say Post song lyrics and like
Gets Pregnant 15 pictures of stomach everyday
omg my job is so hard, and i have no free time now babysits twice a week
"if fb makes one more change, i'm outta here!" said that last time
Attends school in the mountains "OMG I HATEEEE SNOWWWW "
Changes status 10 times a day to song lyrics
"yu qotta luv how yur mad & yu fiqht wif yur gf/bf before qoinq to sleep & 1 hour later wen yu qo to sleep wif the person he says iloveyou" Never had a boyfriend Only speaks English
"No respect for Sluts" Biggest whore you know.
"It's not cool to add random people" 792 friends
hey! i just met you and this is crazy  now here's my bath salts, your face is tasty 
Ended monthlong relationship pine after him for next 3 months
Guy dates her for a month Makes Pity status every hour post break up
white chocolate mocha i'm so addicted to coffee lol
Posts she just removed all the people she doesn't talk to Still has 1000+ friends
Doesn't believe in "Love" hearts after every sentence <3
Liked "occupy wall street" on Facebook  "lol i'm a protester! go 99%!"
UPLOADS NOT SO SUBTLE PICTURE OF BOOBS POST SONG LYRICS SO TO APPEAR LESS SLUTTY
Posts marilyn monroe quote can't name a single movie she was in
Favorite Music: Everything except County. Only listens to Pop Music
100 new photos uploaded hasn't left the airport
im waiting for my prince to come
OMG facebook needs to stop making changes fine with it after 3 days
I'm gonna apply for bartending I don't need to know how, they'll hire me because I have boobs
learns how to rip videos off youtube omg i'm a pirate lol arr!! Caption 3 goes here
BEST LINEAGE EVERRRr!!1! <33
adds photos to "summer" album in october
Listed as engaged to boyfriend of 2 weeks
SOMEONE DIED? I BETTER PUT R.I.P ON MY FB SO EVERYONE CAN SEE HOW MUCH I CARE.
Wants to say "and" writes "&&"
500 new photos uploaded via iphone
omg im soooo fat post 36 bikini pics
OMG GUYS SAPPHIRE DROP TASSYS NEXT KILL
already contaminating google +
OMG CASEY ANYTHONY WAS SOOOOOOO GUILTY just heard about case 3 days ago
status 18 hours ago: omg i can't pay the rent! status 3 hours ago: i bought an ipad 2 omg!
snows half an inch 15 statuses about white christmas
Changes profile picture to her in a bikini "OMG I miss summer!!! :'( "
You didn't follow me on twitter, you didn't respond to my email, and you didn't change your relationship status on facebook we are done
friend is online and available to chat has conversation in newsfeed
Loves rap music favorite song: "love the way you lie"
takes "accidental" pictures of cleavage i didn't even notice!
"4 days left..." never reveal what countdown is for
"omgg one year!<333 i luv u bby" broken up 7 times in the past year
gets married spends the next three years uploading pictures from the wedding a few at a time
Cleans room for the first time in months "Omg i'm so OCD!!!!!!!" 
"Talk to you later, I really have to go!" Stays logged in for another hour
Because i'm me and i wont change for anyone 
"What does not kill you, only makes you stronger." Kanye West
I'm so sad =(((( IS there nobody who loves me? =((((
Deactivates facebook to gain attention reactivates on day before birthday
I love big bang theory i'm such a nerd
SUCKS ONLY WHITE COCK. SEES A BLACK DICK FOR THE FIRST TIME.
finds out you're friends with her crush suddenly starts posting on your wall
likes "harvard university" single mother going to community college
Leave Facebook Logged in at friend's house omg hacked
Guy poked me on facebook Eww! *remove friend*
Uses hash tags In real life
liked kony link omg i've helped so much
Posts stupid bigoted opinion on facebook Tells you to keep your opinion to yourself when you disagree with her
Posts bra color/ shoe size as status This will totally support Breast Cancer awareness!
LOLZ i look so high!1 never seen weed in her life
Hi, my name is Amy Bruce. I am 7 years old, and I have severe lung cancer . I also have a large tumor in my brain, from repeated beatings. Doctors say I will die soon if this isn't fixed, and my family can't pay the bills. The Make A Wish Foundation, has 
had a baby upload thousands of pictures of ugly baby
Friend stayed logged in to facebook LOL HACKEDDDD by your bestieeeeee <333
zoomggg he proposed on christmas, we're engaged! 19
uses Facebook as a diary
unfriend her texts you five minutes later
"being single doesnt mean nobody likes you, it just means god is still planning for you." no it means your fucking annoying.
Finds that friend was still logged in Makes post that says "LOL, hacked"
prefers numbers that are even "omg lol im ocd!"
Friday the 13th? OMG I'm gonna die!!!
Photo Album Title Ke$ha Lyrics
IF YOU CAN SEE THIS THEN CONGRATS YOU'VE SURVIVED ROUND ONE OF MY FRIENDS LIST CLEANING
COmplains about you saying the word "Cunt" is a cunt
TAkes picture of new car tags 20 people in it
OMG, Why do Amon amarth hate justin? Its really mean to sing about shedding his blood and cutting his head off!
Friends Status: Today i lost my grandpa. i loved him more than anything. like
Spends 30 minutes putting on makeup for one facebook photo "I know, i'm ugly... <3
learns you can press l to like OMG guys press l!!!
oblivious fat girl posts about how she is sooo hungry for sushi yummy yum! :)
Status: "omg what a horrible day" "what happened?" "I don't wanna talk about it"
Invite all her friends to "Lost my phone! Need numberz plz!" event Using facebook mobile
"SINGLE is NOT a status. It's a word that best describes a person who is strong enough to live & enjoy life without depending on others." In a new relationship within a week
Religious Views: Christian Favorite quote: Eupicurus's quote on god
teacher posts pictures of newborn baby "omg can you name it after me plz plz plz?????"
Philosophy on life It's how you feel on the inside. 
Lol haha lol omg Omg lol haha lol omg
nu coboara la ore SF DUH M-A PUS SA ASTEPT INGERII IN LABORATOR
HASN'T TALKED TO YOU SINCE HIGH SCHOOL "VOTE FOR ME IN THIS CONTEST!"
Post lyrics on facebook I'm so deep
Multiply one-digit-number by 11 Number appears twice! ZOMG!!1!! LOLOL IM A Math genius
I am so mad,don't ask why I don't want to talk about it!  Gets mad when nobody asks.
Go to See top DJ in world Spend entire time on the floor facebooking how much fun she is having instead of partying
Almost weekend! It's Tuesday
Makes an account with the name "noe bodi" likes everything and writes "loves you" on everybody's wall
MAKES STATUS "I HATE ALL GIRLS" ONLY GIRLS LIKE IT
posts, omg i feel so depressed and dead inside! says dont worry about it, nothing is wrong when you genuinely ask whats a matter
All statuses are bible verses and song lyrics still gets 8 likes per status
Status: OMG I am so tired of slutty bitches!!!!!!!!!>;-( Profile Pic: Strategic Cleveage.
doesn't eat meat for 3 hours omg i'm totally a vegetarian lol
MY PERIOD IS LATE POST THAT SHIT ON FACEBOOK
Uses "ew" To Describe Everything
OMG IM SO UPSET WHITNEY HOUSTON HAS DIED:( SHE WAS MY IDOL:(:( Has never heard of Whitney Houston.
"annoying facebook girl has tagged you in a photo" picture of a cat
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars?
Languages:  English, Sarcasm(fluent)
posts nude photos on facebook "I'm not a skank! It's art!"  
Going to dinner @ 6:30 EVERYONE needs to know
its 420 better put my shit on blast and reveal my weed habit to everybody
add the acronym 'LOL'  after every sentence no matter how trivial
Dildo? Isn't that from Lord of the Rings?
i'm a huge packers fan can't name one player in the whole nfl
First day of school was fun! Nice teachers, no homework, and early release! #senioritis
Saw Game of Thrones last night Writes about it IMMEDIATELY AFTER the end of the episode and spoils it for everyone who missed it or recorded it on DVR
DUCK FACE PEACE SIGN
status: it's my cat's birthday!!
Adalia rose is so beautiful! Stop hatiiing <333 Real Life: Omg that girl in my class is so ugly.
fat together with a slim girl on the profile pic so strangers don't know which one i am
"Facebook is so gay!" Loves facebook
Not tired at 2 am; "OMG INSOMNIA"
OMG WOrst day ever wtf why are you asking me about my day you creep
I AM SO DONE WITH BOYS THEY ARE SO IMMATURE OMG  I HAVE THE BEST MOST CUTESt BF IN THE WORLD!!1! <3
'I've sent you an e-mail' = facebook message
ONE DIRECTION!!! Are gay
status touting creationism family breeds horses
oh my god, Becky look at her butt!
Info says "I HATE drama" Status update calls people skanks.
So bored at work right now. Text itt! #Boring #NothingToDo #KillMeNow #TGIF #Tired
PICTURE OF FLAT CHEST IN V NECK "DON'T COMMENT ON MY BOOBS, PERVERTS"
Has tons of statuses about how beautiful she is nasty fat chick
Penis Penis penis insert penis here
Complains about being at work has a fucking job in this economy
Commits suicide because she was "bullied in school" and is honored on YouTube and Facebook Doesn't deserve it but if you say so everyone will say you're heartless
1000 Pictures 999 are Macbook Pictures
LAnguages: English, Spanglish, Sarcasm <3
"There are no words to describe how i feel..." posts a status about exactly how she feels
I'm a devoted christian! Posts slutty halloween costume photos
MY TEACHER JUST SAID FUCK WELCOME TO COLLEGE LOL
It's either CIV... Or 5 classes
Sees annoying facebook girl meme makes "pleasant facebook girl"
Look at how deep I am Two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. The first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. The second mouse, wouldn't quit. He struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. 
There, their, and they're? you mean there, there, and there
I'm soooo fat Attention attention attention attention attention attention attention attention attention attention attention attention attention attention attention 
haiii!!! ;P looks like ;p face in real life
A guy hits on her, once. "OMG I have a stalker!! Ewww!!!!"
Yep, my phone's broke. stupid pool.
Soroity girl laughs at other people on ua meme page OMG!!! CANT BELIEVE PEOPLE ARE TALKING CRAP ABOUT OUR SOROITY!!!!
I attended BYU provo and i think that because i did that god loves me more...
I'm Angry i aslo dnt knw ho to spl
Fake name on facebook to conceal identity Open profile
"H8 wen deres no pcs in the library coz every1s usin facebook!" Posted on Facebook from the library
Religious Views: JESUS!!!!! political Views: NOBAMA!!!!!
"I doubt he'll see or read this.." Tags him at the end
Religion status: "Christianity is not a religion, it is a personal relationship between me and my savior, Jesus <3<3<3" 
over 1,000 profile pictures all taken with web cam
I totaly just made a facebook for my cat xDDDDD She deserves it x) lolololololol 3 likes and 47 comments about friend requesting her cat
status: the stay at home mother, should earn a reported $144,000 per year based on time invested and hours spent working. The sad part is that for those people choosing to make motherhood a career, they will never see the paycheck. Pregnant at 16
four new profile pictures same picture cropped differently four times
U R SUCH A Q T 3.14!!!!!!!! <3
Girl friend's relationship status changes to "single" "DIBS!!! <3"
"That's it!! I'm deleting my facebook account. All my "friends" and "family" can go fuck themselves" Posts new status about loving her friends and family 3 hours later
Just got my haircut, And oh yeah I'm pregnant :)
Facebook blacks out in protest of sopa and pipa OMMMGGGGGGG I HATE mark zukerberg!!!
Makes status nobody understands "inside Joke lol"
Anoqueweona 
i'm getting married! you will now hear about every insignificant detail, from hiring the bitch of a caterer, to the inevitable split-up caused by disagreement over the wedding plans.
"omg lets party and get shitfaced!!1!" doesn't drink
CHANGE PROFILE PICTURE CHANGE THE WORLD
Talks all week about how she's deleting her facebook account Friday: "bye facebook!"  Sunday: "im backk !! :) just cnt stay away :P"
OMG I'm leaving in a month! Everybody needs to know this every single day!
can't find my shoe lmafo!
so i got a tattoo and it like has so many letters in a shitty font with no punctuation i need to like fucking own this bitches ass and ill type random shit that doesnt make sense so that i dont even what you do now so yea, i want attention
Status update: I'm in a relationship... WITH GOD!
Political views "whoever is rightttt <333"
Winter Weather Changes OMG! Only In Seattle!
Posts a status about anti-bullying BULLIES YOU INTO REPOSTING IT
I'm the kindest girl in the world <3<3<3 !!!don't make me angry or else i get dangerous!!!
Relationship status - married to her best friend
says "f*** the police" is actually a law- abiding citizen
couldn't sleep last night i'm an insomniac
gets engaged changes profile picture to engagement ring
"OMG In on a Saturday night boreddd !!!" Same status every saturday night
"I'm so self conscious" Has 435 pictures of herself
You were on the internet since 1997 omg there must have been nothing on it
Tongue piercing pulls out her tongue on every picture
OMGGGG LIKE MY STATUS I'LL RATE YOU 1 THROUGH 10 NEVER RATES YOU
Posts completely misused meme to Facebook Thinks she got it.
OMG I loveeeee Dr WHO! Hates Doctors 1-10
Kim Jong Il? He was my favorite rapper in the Wu-Tang Clan
please help im being held hostage in an unmarked white building just south of San Antonio
omg i'm a metalhead can't name any other bands besides metallica
"love the olympics! gonna start doing gymnastics now. YOLO!!!!!" hasn't watched the olympics once
Knows: English, Drunk Text and Gibberish And Pig Latin and Puppy and girltalk
Complains about exponentially increasing ass size "OMG, Soooooo excited about cheesecake factory with my  girlz !!!!!! :P"
omg this storm is going to destroy perth  better charge my phone before power failure
my roommates are so stupid! Lives at home
See Black People  Yell Kool Aid 
Feelings got hurt today Post an angry, indirect status.
"omg if facebook changes one more thing, i'm going to scream" changes fake personality more
Deletes her facebook brings it back three days later
Song lyrics as  status OMG I'm so deep
Everybody needs to use Proper GRAMMER
"lol my bff, idiot nerd girl hacked my profile!" :p no hacking was involved whatsoever. you forgot to sign out genius.
8 PM: Goes from being "in a relationship" to "Single" 10 PM: Goes from being "single" to "in a relationship"
inspirational quote as album title slutty duckface pictures
 hair color: Blonde with blue highlights.  HAS BLACK HAIR
Vague Facebook Status "I don't wanna talk about it"
Relationship status: OMG yust gettin marrryyyy #sohapppyy
morning status: bible verse evening status: drunk and horny
"omg I have no friends" 20 likes on status
"Really?!" Waits for the rest of Facebook to feed into her drama
5 relationships  in 5 weeks "I love you so much" next day: "OMG i am so over us"
Buys a $750 Canon DSLR camera Posts a picture of the camera taken with the phone
Everyone I just lost 20 pounds on the third world country diet!! Still ugly
 Has Timeline
I'm so random and creative finger mustache as profile pic
some guy i Don't know liked my status lol such a creeper
Positive pregnancy test Posts a picture on Facebook before telling her parents
OMG im the hunger games biggest fan!!! cathing fire? what's that?
OMG i love my boyfriend so much forever <3 xoxoxox Next week: is single
i go to class in batman pajama pants! i'm so random and different from other girls!
CALLED OUT FOR MISSPELLINGS "not every1 feels like riting evrythin liek ina novel"
"remember remember the 5th of november" omg im like such a comic book nerd!
I read all the hunger games in a week i'm such a nerd lol
Please Don't Judge Me By My Looks Changes Profile pic twice  a Day 
They captured Gadhafi's son Take that Taliban
Omg it's snowing! Better remind all of my friends who don't own windows!
Makes album title "Live, laugh, love" All pictures of her in her living room
Posts embarrassing anecdote as status  glad no one saw it happen lol
See's a dog licking a girl out  Want's to be a pornstar 
Takes 20 Photobooth pictures on new macbook makes them all profile pics
feels sad makes everyone send her a message instead of just telling everyone what's wrong
awake at 2am omg insomnia
Wears batman t-shirt  knows nothing of his work
I love memes I'm such a computer nerd
doesn't care what others think of her counts the number of birthday posts she gets
Take picture next to skinnier hotter friends  Look extra fat  and gross
not gunna use gramma just dont car i got suspedned from gramma skool cos i got in a fite wif hanna dolpin and da teecher wos like OI IF U KEEP HITTING HER I WILL SUSPEND U......... so i wos liek YER U CARNT TELL ME WOT TO DO so i hit hanna agen and den GE
Religion:  Pentecostal Pictures:  Skirts and hair
Posts hundreds of pictures of her sexy librarian costume Is unattractive
So happy right now! I have the best friends in the world! You are all so beautiful Oh Im soo Ugly!!
Photo Caption:  Sweats, hair down, and no make up on! In Other words: i don't even have to try to be pretty! I just am!
Favorite book : Bible Goes to club every night, gets fucked up and gangbanged by 3 dudes
"in relationship" for 10 minutes updates status declaring undying love
Posts obviously drunken status  "Omg ive been hacked!" 
omg i love my big
"I have no comment" *Posts as comment*
OMG Macbook for christmas 200 photo booth pictures
every tagged photo fish lips
Duckface? Nope Blowjob face? YEP
sees a post making fun of men "love this!"
Sees people going opposite way through Culp automatic door Blocks regular door waiting so they don't have to open it themselves
"People need to keep their drama off of facebook" every status is about the 'drama' in her life
<21 "OMg look at all these pics of me and my sisters blatantly drinking alcohol!
OMG I hate not having a job!!! OMG wurking suxxxx!
sends you a friend request asks "do i know you?"
Jokingly calls friend a slut Are both actual sluts
works 5 hour shift at grocery store.  OMG I'm such a workaholic. 
OMG WIZ IS COMING TO UCONN!! Gets too drunk to make it to the concert
[generic status update] WITH MY BOYFRIEND
ash wednesday<33333 luv u jesus half naked in every picture
"I <3 metal "Oli Sykes is sooo hot!"
cute girl titles picture album modestly: "just me" pictures of her in lingerie, and bikinis while drinking and whoring it up
What is this "carpe Diem " crap? sounds alot like it's copying yolo
Posts picture of her eating miso soup "OMG I'm SO Asian!!!1!"
posts rage comic LOOK AT THESE CUTE TUMBLrFACES
Posts slutty pictures of self in bikinis gets offended when complimented by guys 
"OMG WHY IS THERE SO MANY NAKED GIRLS ON FB????! EWW!!!!" Accidentally sent a nude picture to Facebook two weeks ago
Update my Status Give Myself a "Like"
I was fishing for compliments... ...and caught crabs.
I did this in a different font! I am so random!
omg skrillex is my favorite band
Updates status while peeing standing up
SOMETHING HAPPENS IN REAL LIFE FINDS THE MOST ANNOYING WAY TO SHARE IT VIA FACEBOOK
"Focus only on what's positive in life!" Rushes to be the first to post celebrity deaths on wall 
Omg such a bad day <\3 Txt me :( <3
too stuck up to ever be your "real" friend in H.S. accepts every friend request just to increase her numbers
Having her period makes a status about it
"OMG I HATE TIMELINE bring back old facebook" Doesn't realize old facebook was once new facebook
Just broke up with boyfriend Relationship status: Married to best friend
"I don't give a damn about what anybody thinks about me" Photoshops every picture she puts on facebook
if you think i'm cool, LIKE THIS If you think i'm a good friend, COMMENT If you have ever liked me, POKE ME (i wont tell) If you like me now, INBOX a heart [i wont tell] if your brave, make it your status
OMGGG HAPPY 21st BIRTHDAY Now can you buy us alcohol?
Heather set her status update to 'On a date with jim'? whore
Has Bob Marley quote on profile. Thinks he's the guy who wrote that dog book.
OMG Look at the text above my head!
breathes second hand smoke "OMG SUCH A DRUG ADDICT LOLOLOLOLOL"
Sucks dick for four hours Dick Sucker's Cramp
harpias meme inteligente na madrugada
Covers face in photograph Uses it as profile picture
Has argument with best friend of 10 years blocked
"if your still my friend, you didn't get deleted! congrats!" was hoping to get deleted. delete her.
Status Update: class 8-3, gym, tan, shopping, work 6-9, out with friends,      home, sleep
makes annoying college meme posts it on Facebook, "OMG THIS IS SOOOO FUNNY!!!!! LOLOLOLOLOL"
HOME AFTER 45 DAYS OF COLLEGE REUNITEDDDDD OMGZZ
Learns Mason Wyler posts in here Has all kinda strokes
"Girls that stick their tongue out in every pic look stupid, not hot." Has an entire album of duck-face pics.
"OMG schools like so hard Im so stressed" All regular classes
Posts depressing status about someone who just died Never knew them
Doesn't Watch Basketball I'm so depressed my team lost!!!
posts fake birthday you wish her a happy birthday and she gets mad at you for not knowing her real birthday and calls you "not a true friend"
Wow, just hit 50 tonight omg please put me back to L40!!!
Got iPhone 4s for Christmas "Give me facebook Siri!"
Tries to use wikipedia for a school paper "OMG LOL1! WHAT'S THIS STUPID SOAP PROTEST?"
Goes on friend's profile 'HACKED! <3'
Have you seen those Springfield College Me-Mes?! they're so funny.
I'm like so scared of needles! Hey guys, Check out my new belly button piercing!
I just saw Taylor MArtin
up at 2am "Omg I have insomnia!"
"Ohhh meh gawdd!?1! have yew herdd of memesssssss???" "The 1 about te cloktwer iz soooo funnnnyyy!!" #lololmylyfe
You are an ugly bitch and you have no frieds. Your boyfriend says i'm hotter than you. i don't want no drama tho
THIS IS REALLY IMPORTANT, PLEASE REPOST THIS MODERN-DAY CHAIN LETTER
Posts to most beautiful teen contest gets mad when insulted
Gives birth Changes profile picture to baby
Posts great songs and actually interesting posts OMG STOP LIKING MY POSTS CREEPER
status update - "funny how bitches post passive aggressive statuses instead of saying shit to my face." doesn't realize the irony
Profile says she lives in Los Angeles Has never left Kansas
haven't seen her in your news feed today Good chance she's dead
"I just want one guy to prove they're not all the same." Is a slut
ome gerd  ffedtddxwefx
constantly says Facebook timeline sucks has Facebook timeline
"I'm deleting my facebook! goodbye everyone!" 5 min. later: "omg who can drive me to work?!"
Only 90's kids remember this! Born in 1995
makes obscure status contemplating suicide "guyssss relax its from my favorite songgggg!"
OMG i love my boyfriend so much ill let everyone on facebook know everyday
"nao adiciono desconhecidos aqui!!" fulana is now friends with cicrana e 999 other people
Posts song lyrics As photo descrition
flash covers entire face "omg you're so pretty share your prettiness"
Countdown to stupid event Every fucking day.
COMPLIMENTS FRIEND ON HOW PRETTY SHE IS expects instant compliment back
Goes on a diet Posts pictures of every meal for the next 6 months
Posts threat to delete friends who do not respond to her post Doesn't delete anyone
claims to be an introvert for attention isn't really an introvert
inspirational quote on status every 4 hours
Make facebook status with 12 friends tagged in it
Posts opinion as status "...FACT!"
OMG a thunderstorm!! Time for a status update!
omg!! so much homework theres no way im sleeping tonight! stays on facebook till 3am posting blackberry pin saying she's bored
omg I was sooo young in this pic Uploaded last year
boobs revealed in profile picture BLUR THEM OUT SO I DON'T LOOK LIKE A SLUT
Getting Married  next month reminds you everyday
Find a chair and put it in the woods take pictures and call them artistic
Changes her profile pic to a cartoon To raise awareness about child abuse or Cancer or whatever
I used to use 'haha' all the time But I realized that 'lol' is much more distinguished
Is christian Couldn't tell you the first thing about her own religion if she tried. 
Honors English Never uses periods or commas
Tags you in picture of stranger "OMG THIS GUY LOOKS JUST LIKE YOU"
Has one night stand changes relationship status to "married"
Had a presentation in Trimboli's class Forgot to say "Monsieur le professeur et chers collegues"
MUST LET EVERYONE KNOW HOW DRUNK I GOT LAST NIGHT
at school makes several status's complaining about how everyone is on their phone while she wants to 'learn' 
sees car catch on fire in parking lot first reaction: instagram it!
Updates Facebook status using hashtags: My Grandma just passed away at 97... She lived a long and loving life <3 RIP #YOLO
this is my orgasm face
Sees it's your birthday, but never talks to you in person "OMG happy bday i <3 u so much lol"
omg hurricane is my school closed!?!?
LIVE LAUGH LOVE
English poetry assingment Im so deep
paraphrase inspirational quotes I should become a Philosopher 
Posts gay people are destroying the sanctity Marriage fake engagement pictures the next day
Books: Reading is for losers lol Movies: OMG Harry Potter!!
"lol spending time with family!<3" on facebook the whole time
FRIEND LEFT FACEBOOK PROFILE OPEN I'M A HACKER!
i hate my parents mom said 'no'
Hit puberty Interests: Boys
"Twitter is weird" Uses Hashtags on facebook
Looks up five different "clever" statuses everyday on Status Shuffle Tries to pass them off as her own thoughts
Don't chase them, Replace them
"omg get over yourself bitch" has 112 pictures of herself making a kissing face
Status update with song lyrics omg I'm so poetic!
LOL I'M SO RANDOM Does, says, and posts the same stupid shit every fucking day
Status update:  "WORST THING EVER JUST HAPPENED TO ME" DON't want to talk about it  
Watching TV is a waste of time spends wasted time on Facebook
GOT IN FIGHT WITH BOYFRIEND POST ADELE LYRICS
Leaves facebook open "OMG, I've been Hacked"
Studies Abroad in Paris All status updates are now in french
Doesn't care about tuition hikes and corruption Freaks out over a column about tattoos
Complains about having her period Doesn't use periods in any of her sentences
Tells everyone to stay out of her relationship. Every other status is about her relationship.
Make fun of her on Reddit SECRETLY STALK
Got a flat tire Better update my facebook status!!!11
Instant messages a guy once Status update: omg i think hes the one!@!@ txt itttt
YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO  YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO
Gets out of class early Posts It immediately to facebook
Status update: Paulo Coelho quote
"cant sleep, Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr" 1pm
Comment on fat girls profile picture "OMG you bitch, your so sexy!"
Languages: Girl talk, gibberish, and sarcasm
Goes on vacation Writes on all her friends' walls saying, "I miss you<3"
OMG I'M IN SUCH A BAD MOOD AND HAD SUCH A FUCKING BAD DAY BUT I DON'T WANNA TALK ABOUT IT!!!
Finds out she's annoying facebook girl "lol wut?"
"OMG Harry Potter is ending what am I going to do with my life" Never read the books
favorite music everything
Cam4.. Hummmm! Vamos ver esse tiozinho... PAI?!
taking party pictures sorority squat and skinny arm
BREAKS UP WITH BOYFRIEND RE-ADDS HIM ON FACEBOOK
Takes picture of a chair in black and white Thinks she's a photographer
vague statues updates twice a day
Recently became a high school sophomore  immediately creates Facebook album, "s0ph0mOr3 b1tch3z"
I love being taken in "natural" poses DUCKFACE EVERY PICTURE
Homestuck? Omg I'm grounded too!
"best day ever in 53 days!!!" birthday is in 53 days
I graduated and miss my friends from school Schedules reunion 1 year after graduation
starts counting down  200 days before her birthday
"omg insomnia fml" 4 redbulls a day
joins a sorority omg i love my big <3
Happy father's day daddy. i love you, you're the best! father doesn't have a facebook
I'm so fat Tremendously Under Weight 
Tags a picture of you My top Followers
has Black and white profile picture OMG im such a hipster!! <3
posts status from cell phone to make it seem like she's out and about is actually at home in front of the computer in her pjs
boyfriend breaks up talk about how well i'm handling it for weeks
Complains about exam post 50 status updates every hour instead of studying
Friend tells her that she has become a meme "What's a meme?" "lollololol haha that's so funny"
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH Repost if you agree!
lms if you despise attention whores
"OMG boys are so stupid LOL." every day Wonders why she isn't finding "true love"
hurricane on the east coast OMG my friends cousin lives there, i'm so scared!
Friend's status:"GOing back to school tomorrow :(" "DISLIKEEEEEE"
I got a scarf I'm such a hooligan.
I support Koney BEcause im such a good person
change status to  "I'm so broke" Upload pictures of new tattoo/piercing
7 inches has no idea what this is but puts it up anyway because other girls are
germs are gross lol so Ocd
Posts status on friends profile OMG, I'm a tech savvy hacker!
Hears you say something really clever and funny makes it her status and takes all credit
Found out she was annoying facebook girl Status: "Zoommgg Im famous!"
"OMG, I LOOOVE OSU FOOTBALL!!!" Names she knows: Mike Gundy, Justin Blackmon, Brandon Weeden.
known languages: turkish, punjabi, sarcasm well aren't you fucking hilarious
Starts dating for 2 days  OMG i love you and i totally know you
Spends 18 hours a day on facebook OMG i hate internet dorks 
Religious Views: I LUV GOD! Has never been to church
Hash Tags in every facebook status
Gets Pregnant Posts annoying daily updates about fetus development
Posts "serious issue" likes her own post
"imagine no religion" omg ur an atheist u r soo stupid
STATUS: UGHHH IM SOOO SICK OF ANNOYING PEOPLE...CUTTING DOWN MY FRIENDS LISSSTTT. SRY GUYS : / DELETES 2 OUT OF 1765 FRIENDS.
"I'm Ugly and Proud of it!" CLEAVAGE IN EVERY DAMN PICTURE.
Has entire conversation with someone on Facebook As they're sitting next to each other
communicates with friends primarily through the internet Can't google "ohio"
Sip of beer foam omg soo drunk text it<3
ugg boots and leggings must be a sorority girl
Has no biological basis for saying gays are born that way...  acts like disapproval of homosexuality is a direct parallel with racism.
drinks for the first time in a year "LOL got my drunk text onnnn"
Plays Farmville Spams your news feed with requests
alcoholic drink in hand in every profile picture omgg do you guys know i drink??
 Jersday!!!!
Having a rough day  the Iphone got screwed up and now I have to restore it to original factory settings! 
check out my new tattoo! it's somewhere i can't show, but let me describe it.
"OMG I LOVE HER SO MUCH SHE IS LIKE MY BFF!!!" BEST FACEBOOK FRIEND
REPOST PICTURE IN BLACK AND WHITE "LUV U GIRL!"
Getting tagged in random photos Of half naked girls or random jordan shoes =/
"The truth is..." not the truth at all
OMG my period started today lol thought everyone should know that
mirror shot in short shorts and tight top HAWT FACEBOOK DP
"THE NEW FACEBOOK SUcks!" Still uses facebook.
OMG CASEY ANTHONY NOT GUILTY GOD WILL JUDGE HER
"omg lyke sooooo blacked out last nite!!!!1!!" a shot and a beer
On Her Birthday likes every birthday wall post within minutes of post
 boob pic lol y do ppl think im a slut
breaks up with her boyfriend constantly stalks his profile
My new year's resolution is to have no new year's resolutions
Annoying as hell not removed from your news feed
i hate attention whores I'm ugly like if u disagree
STATUS ABOUT HOW BORED SHE IS :3
Found teacher on facebook Request to be friends!
friend request from some 14 year old from your high school you graduated 5 years ago
Omg this is one of my favorite bands<3!!!! Knows only two songs
New Gym opens at CSUN posts everyday about it
i'm so ugly and fat weigh 130 and have a pimple
A little tired "OMG I AM SOOOO WASTED"
Relationship status: this girl suck my dick last night
Addicted to Farmville Hobbies: "I'm such a video game nerd"
I'm so wasted! Not wasted.
puts up half nude pictures of herself Complains that men are scum bags for treating her like a cheap whore
Is awake at 2AM for one night OMG, INSOMNIA!
Wow guys, thank god our group doesn't have that one friend that the other friends hate Is that friend
"So much work to do and the deadline's tomorrow" constantly post updates instead
Has boyfriend for a week changes her last name to his
watches zac efron movie relationship status: it's complicated
Omg i love the beatles and lil wayne!!
I hate it when I need to update my status BUT DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY!!
Works at The Krusty Krab
OMG! I got a photo with J-woww when she was at the landshark
r.i.p. jack layton, you were such a good leader! Knows nothing about politics
Relationship status: Married to my dog XD
You Look Beautiful But Me, Eww
likes dubstep page only listens to skrillix
post status via toaster lol I'm such a nerd
Sees everyone has posted that it's snowing Posts that it's snowing
Listening to Zelda dubstep music "omg im such a nerd lol"
copy and paste quotes song lyrics into my status look how deep i am
Dating new boyfriend add anniversary at the end of every status
Complains about people who make too many status updates Posts 100 status updates a day!
Interests: boyyyys <333
Religious Views: Twilight <3 LOLZ i'm so randommm
Guys are such perverts 250 Bikini pics!
Chutiya Tujha Baap
Concerned about privacy Username: kendrarollins1993
Album called "photography!" 1500 close up pictures of flowers
I'm so bored, anybody wanna hang out? Everyday
Has conversation through status updates
MEETS YOU ONE TIME FRIEND REQUEST!
Mention a pic of hers accuses you of lurking
I just broke up with you I better post up a bunch of pictures with my new boyfriend
Friend posts status 'inbx me bbyg xxx <3 lysm yr my fave girl snm xxx'
k-pod bathroom omg 34 new pictures
OMG I'm SO TIRED I THINK I MIGHT BE SICK!!!11! Posted at 4 am
Posts vague bitchy status Doesn't wanna talk about it when asked
Brags about religious practices on profile All pictures are of parties and spring break
lol meme pics are so lame more than half the stuff she posts are meme pics
invisible  NIGGER DICK
Leaves small town for big city "OMG so many ppl!"
music: "i srsly listen to everthing!<333" only listens to lil wayne and adele
X Inches Y Minutes
Pink Floyd? Is he still alive?
snow in april? omg 2012
sees facebook group that relates to her "omg story of my life"
draws Mustache on finger puts over lip
Caption on every picture captions are quotes and song lyrics
Makes posts about redditors needing lives Starts a poke war
The effects of mind control Rookies call it mind rape
I WANT MY FIRST TIME TO BE SPECIAL STICK OUT ASS IN EVERY PICTURE
temperature drops 10 degrees ZZOMMMOOOMMMGGG TOTES FREEZING
posts annoying facebook girl meme to facebook "omg this is so me"
"I'm so drunk" Born 1992
wakes up in the middle of the day makes sure everyone knows by posting "just woke up lol"
Discovers BBC Anal DP Wears colostomy bag the rest of her life
checks in at hospital doesn't want talk about it
"bad decisions last night! i need to raise my standards." never does
Amy Winehouse was so talented. Tragic =( What did she sing?
Omg getting froyo for like the third time this week!!1! tags entire sorority in status
Yes i'm single you're gonna have to be amazing to change that
Oh MY GOD no way
CHANGES PROFILE PICTURE TO A SELF-SHOT IN THE MIRROR HEAD TOTALLY OBSCURED BY CAMERA FLASH
20 filters on same picture photoshop master
memes? like the things from tumblr?
OMFG!! New Jenna marbles video!!!1!1!! posts it every wednesday
stop wrong hole wrong hole
Friend's 18th birthday Writes on their wall: Time to go buy porn, cigarettes, and lottery ticket :)
Loves Black Cock Hates Black People 8=======>
Status: Help! it's an emergency! I need more chickens in farmville!
Likes your comment Makes you change your mind
discovers UCC Memes Misuses ALL the memes
stupid argument on friends wall jams up  r/funny, r/pics, r/wtf & r/atheism  with a screen cap of it
"facebooking how drunk you are isn't classy ladies... In fact I shake my head and think how sloppy you are..." Goes out every night and makes parents watch her kid!
AVICII IS MY FAVORITE dj!!!! DOESN'T KNOW Who tim berg is..
OhMYGOD people are so dumb bragging about smoking weed STATUS: Out drinking with the girls fuck ya'll I'm gettin druuuuunk
"saving myself for marriage" blowjob queen
"OMG RIP Amy Winehouse <3" Always said Amy Winehouse was a junky
OMG I'm so mature and ready for college!! Has fights with all her friends on FB about how mature she is
I love giving head grinds your penis on her back teeth entire time
Posts pic of self in sexy outfit "OMG I'm sooooo ugly"
"I have such a broad taste in music" Only listens to what the charts feed her
In real life: I hate my self. On Facebook: Im the fucking queen !
I hate reddit memebase is so much better
Status: OMG RIP JACK LAYTON we miss you Didn't bother voting last election
Didn't get a good night's sleep last night OMG I'm such a InSoMnIaC!
Didn't get what she wanted for Christmas "Fuck my parents. All I ask is for a teensy little car and all I got was a Macbook, a digital Camera and an iPhone4s! FML!!!
Became fat bitch years ago Keeps skinny profile pic from 15 years ago instead of working out
uploads picture tags self in picture, sets as profile picture, tags self again
Gives up facebook for lent sets status so that everyone knows 
omg soo late who's up right now? it's only 11 pm
Discovers Stumbleupon Posts 30 links a day to facebook
"I'm going to miss all those seniors going away to college" Incoming freshman
Status: "like for a confession" confession is she likes the new black eyed peas song
posts every music video in the top 50 and "like" bieber "wish people had better music tastes"
fastest sperm cell? U so stupid I'm a gurl lolz
Telling your girlfriend anal lube makes it painless, and she falls for it Priceless
Upload hundreds of pictures OMG!  Look who's stalking your profile
local sports team wins championship OMGG go "teammmm" biggest fannnnn!!
Religious views: i love jesus!!1! pics of her grabbing friends' tits and bonging beer
First Day of fall: OMG I need my Ugs
Posts BBM pin in status "omg stop adding me randoms"
OMG ITS FINals week so #STRESSFUL is taking high school finals
omg why do creepy guys always talk to me? hey guys! here's my number i'm bored
15 year old uploads several "cute" pictures showing her "stuff" pictures get like by 20+ guys 21 and older. and they all comment saying you look "hot"
Updates Status With Every Move "Why are you stalking me?"
WHY DO PEOPLE ADD ME WHEN i DONT KNOW THEM? ADDED YOU because you go to the same college
"Taking a hot shower" "That's a regular shower, with me in it"
"hey you should cum over my place l8r lol it'll be fun" celibate
Profile has Bob Marley Quotes doesn't know what reggae is
FINDS OUT WHO WHITNEY HOUSON IS THE DAY SHE DIES OMG WE WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU WHITNEY
Music is my life! Never heard of Pink Floyd, Jimi Hendrix, Nirvana, Daft Punk, George Harrison, Ray Charlse, Mettalica, Bob Dylan, Gorrilaz, Led Zeppelin, The Black Keys, Snoop Dog, The White Stripes or Rage Against the Machine.
Deepthroating This chick does it alot!
oh my god im cold its so fucking cold outside!!1 new tube top on sale found on clearance rack!!11 win!1
"OMG I AM SO UPSET" "I DON'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT!!!!"
Language? fluent in sarcasm!!!
OMG guys are pervs Posts picture of self in underwear
Oh my god you guys spray yourselves in the butt with hoses
Quotes marilyn monroe being a bitch is now acceptable
Writes on her status "he's such a jerk!!" When you ask who, she writes "mind your own business!!!!!"
posts meaningless lyrics on facebook Goes to jail for 5 years
agrees that Derpette is a cunt "omqq! ur soo prettyy!" on all of Derpette's pictures
Helps technologically impaired duck rotate his picture "I'm such a nerd lol"
Checked in at Ma Haussss <333
Cosmic Brownies OMG!
Sees tons of Kony 2012 Posts OMG i'm totally gonna vote kony!!!!
Post lyrics on facebook because i love lyrics and music I'm so deep
Friend leaves facebook logged in "hacked"
"school tomorrow... :("  no fucking shit, sherlock
Writes on friend's wall saying she misses them Haven't seen each other for 5 hours
if i tagged you, i love you tag self in picture, bffs
Relationship status: Married to a vagina
Gets new camera for Christmas $1000 profile picture
All men are jerks! Only dates frat guys
Reads book required for class Adds to list of favorite books
if you're tagged i love you! <3
in college not sure how
sees new cute boy at school ooommmggg found my soul mate
I'm sooo freaking ugly! Adds 1000 Selfies
700 half naked pictures yell at boyfriend for being upset about  it
add extra letters to every word i'm so fun and playful
Wants attention on Xbox Live Puts "Girl Gamer" as her motto
Photo album name s  o  p  h  o  m  o  r  e  <3 
"OMG I'M TOTEZ KEEPING MY FACEBOOK DEACTIVATED" Reactivates Facebook
Worked a 5 hour shift at toy store so exhausted from working all day!
I don't care what anyone thinks of me Put it on Facebook so everyone knows
hurricane irene!?!?!? omg the world is ending
Album called Photography DIGITAL MACRO.
going downtown "road trip!"
When does the narwhal bacon!? doesn't read reddit
fish for compliments with angsty status update Post angsty song lyrics when no one takes the bait
E=MC^2 Is a poem 
HEY GUYS I FOUND E-CARDS! THEY ALL APPLY 2 ME AMIRITE?!?!?
omg these bitches think they are so hot!!! Duck face and peace sign in every picture
SUCKS ON WHITE COCK. SEES A BLACK DICK FOR THE FIRST TIME.
"Guess who forgot to sign out? I have the best boyfriend EVAAARRRR" Every Fucking day
Regularly posts racist status updates beginning with "I'm not racist but..." Thinks you're joking when you call her on it
Friend Deactivates FB  POSTS SHES IN WITNESS PROTECTION ON SOMEONES WALL
"ALL GUYS SUCK" CURRENTLY chatting with three males
Claims is not a poser has whole album entiled: "Me"
Wants to stop Kony from abusing children  Excited about new iPad made by child laborers
Take picture of food Tags herself on the plate
Posts about jailbait sluts in town spends childhod in koko
Omg funny picture on iPhone app Uploads screenshot to facebook 
See the newest movie to come out and somewhat like it add to favorite movies
We have so much canned food freshman will totally win spirit week this year!
checks in at local bar gets mad when friends show up
Caption: a paragraph of cheesy lyrics Picture: in the toy section of Target by the bikes
ASKS "how is everyone 2day?" sees your reply "ZOMG QUIT STALKING ME"
Had bad New years day "2012 is going to be a horrible year for me!!!!"
Doesnt wan't to get roofied "LETS GO TO BETAAAAAA"
OMG I just tripped LOL I'm such a spaz
invites you to a party just invited everyone she's ever met to a party
Has been in 13 relationships... Only met 2 or 3 in person.
Writes annoyingly long statuses criticizing people on their life choices is an unemployed teenage mother
"Brother's Commencement" 30 Pictures of HERSELF
could donate money and/or time to (name of cause she supports) "copy and paste this status if you support (cause). if you don't, you're a heartless jerk!"
Tiffany has a Strap on? update facebook status
I don't do drugs I'm already drunk on my friends and high on summertime!! <3 lol
Discover photoshop filters Officially a photographer 
Has no valid response in an online argument criticizes the other person's spelling
"You said you don't go to Church,  then how do you know what the bible says?"
"Hunny we need to talk" BRB! Relationship status changed: Single!
OMG $800 Reddit machine
Takes a picture with a hoodie and hat on "OMG i'm so gangster!"
omg twitter Is so stupid #hashtag
Ambiguously complains through facebook status When questioned, replies "txt me"
jumatate din clasa da la medicina "prea mainstream"
Says she likes musicals Is referring to glee
Puts all information in her life on a single website Calls anyone who reads it after a day a Stalker
sees fake polaroid pictures taken from an iphone omg you're such a good photographer
says her relationship will last forever   her longest one was 3 weeks
10 people like her post on Allegheny College memes page OMGOMGOMG
I'm ugly Like if you disagree
 The totes awky momo when the momo is totes awks :P
just watched transformers 3 "I'm such a nerd!"
I LOVE gangsta rap Quotes drake lyrics
take revealing photos "omg i hateeee sluts!!!"
Winter Facebook status: "I hate this cold weather! Can't wait for summer!" Summer Facebook status: "Ugh I hate this weather! I just want to sit in the A.C.!"
discovers uw madison fb memes send a link to every single friend
Most inspirational  moment in recent american memory must have most clever status
From Sarah Wilson To SAY-RAH WILL'S SON
Sees a picture of a child with progeria "OMG R.I.P. SHE WAS BEAUTIFUL" regardless of person's living status/gender
likes all the pages the popular girls like
Discovers NIU meme Generators posts it on Facebook, "OMG THIS IS SOOOO MEEEE!!!!! LOLOLOLOLOL"
SOMETHING ANNOYING PEOPLE DO ON FACEBOOK
Shoot for the moon Even if you miss, you'll be among the stars
Status UPdate: "UGh my allergies are soo badd  this year :'( " HAs sneezed twice in the last 5 minutes
OH EM GEE I SURVIVED AN EARTHQUATE AND A HURRICANE I must be related to jesus
OMFG!!! This MDMA is awesome. I feel like my brain is going to explode in to sparkles.
New profile pic twice a day
OMG SAW DOLPHINS SWIMMING IN A BEAUTIFUL OCEAN NEXT DAY:  I'M SO DEPRESSED AND LONELY FML
November OMG CHRISTMAS IS Almost here!
I can be random Hehe pink! herp derp!
SENDS 450+ INVITES TO HER PARTY 13 PEOPLE ATTENDING INCLUDING HERSELF 
Hugs female friend "omg i'm totally a lesbian lol"
Copies quotes from tumblr am i a hipster yet??
only in bra and jeans in profile picture doesn't cuss in statuses. 
kony 2012 spread the word doesnt care after april 20th
gosh i hate boys on xbox live hitting on me! anyways add me: sexy gamingg slutt 1323
"rate me <3" ugly as fuck
"LOL it's 4:20 somewhere!" Posted at 4:20
Changes Profile picture It's still the same fucking image
READS FACEBOOK POSTS ABOUT EARTHQUAKE IN JAPAN OMG 2012?!?!!
All of my favorite singers Are auto-tuned
Interested in: Men, Women Not really bi
lik ohh meh god  you fuking hackers
stays up til 1:15 AM OMGZZ IM SUCH AN INSOMNIAC
calls other girls sluts gets pregnant
"Cotton Candy lollipops are dank." hates pot
stocks someone on facebook  get's arrested 
Dubstep? I love that band
"5 days til I'm home!!" No one knew she left
OMG!!! I cant believe he DIed!!!! He was such a big part of my life!!!.....what was his name??
WHAT?! a pop quiz?!
says she is sexy makes duck faces in photos
"OMG gurl! I miss u sooooo much!! We need 2 hang out! <3<3<3" Never hangs out
Starts Status in third person Switches to first halfway through
Favorite quotes:  "Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius, and it is better to absolutely ridiculus than absolutely boring."  About me: Live laugh love
Comment on her post about how miserable she is asking what's wrong "why dont you mind your own business and leave me alone" *deletes you*
AFG is now friends with (random person) and 23 other people
Hey guys im so old school!! I still have my old gamecube haha !
Always adds extra letters to  words Knows how to fucking spell it
favourite books: only book i have ever read
Invites 300 to birthday 2 attending
9 PM: "Stupid bitches can't handle their liquor" 10:15 PM: Vomits on your kitchen floor
birthday today reply to every single "happy birthday" wallpost
"FB stalkers are SOOO creepy!" Does nothing but stalk on facebook
Puts ass on bathroom counter looks bigger.
Uses hash tags not via twitter
I only add the the people I know 543 friends on facebook
Changes profile pic to yoga pose "Why are all these creepers trying to friend me!"
MEETS SOMEONE WHO KNOWS HER NAME "OMG, Stalker!"
Puts all hot bikini pics into one album Title of album: fap fodder for socially awkward male friends ;)!!
Takes picture of self Tags all her best friends
frequently sends out                 list servs about losing her  black North Face Starts it with "I hate to be that girl"
Status: Going to bed online for next four hours
tells everyone how excited she is about shark week doesn't even know what channel discovery is on
gia paloma had a daughter
OMG im so *adjective*!!! lol isn't
It's so fulfilling working at a hospital! didn't go to college. receptionist.
Inbox me a number for Date or pass Passes on all of the numbers
Flies out to get ice cream on Mars 23 new photos
Comments on all of her friends photos "OMGG YOUR SO PRETTYYY <333333"
says "literally" means "figuratively"
get poked poke back within 5 seconds
smells alcohol at party projectile vomits
Eat the cafeteria food, they said 
PHONE'S DEAD. . . LOL TXT IT
Im gonna marry Tebow!!!!! Not if i marry him first Lolololo!!!
over facebook im deleting it i'm an attention seeking whore
Studies at Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry Never watched harry potter
<3 After every single post
Package arrives in the mail that she's been waiting on Before opening, updates profile: opening package
Omg I look so fat in this bathing suit Compliment me! 
5 inches :( refers to boyfriend's dick size
Im in love with a crimnal, The crime that he commited was stealing my heart <3 twelve years old
gives blowjob in pub beer garden complains too many people know 
"I get along sooooo much better with guys than girls" Translation: Slut
OMG...I had the most amazing weekend ever! Doesn't say what she did.
status: "i love big dick in and around my mouth " 10 minutes later: "omg sarah i hate youuuu"
first day of high school "OMG i love high school" third week of school "i hate school soooooo much"
Facebook changes layout Joins group "9 Billion strong against new facebook"
On every single girls photos !!!OMGEEZums you are gawgeousssssness!!! <3 <3 
Quotes of Bitches I don't know "OMGGG I LOVE THIS <333"
"Going to bed! gnight fb!" 10 minutes later: "omgg i hate being an insomniac!" 
Thinks Justin Bieber is gay Posts "OMG I LOVE ONE DIRECTION!!!!!!!!!" every 5 seconds
"NOBODY CARES ABOUT YOUR STUPID LIFE!" 34th UPDATE OF THE DAY
Breaks up with boyfriend Next Day: Posts 12 times in 2 minutes about her love for her new boyfriend.
Just got a planner Contains only birthdays
Goes on facebook photoshop dick in mouth
Complains about how Girls Pose on facebook Poses that way for profile picture
i have to go to the bathroom like, omg, who wants to come with me?
There's poo in my vagina... heeeheeeheheheheheheheheheheheeeeee
"OMG I MADE A HIIIIIIGGHHLARIOUS GCSU MEME" Uses 'Dat Ash' incorrectly.
"omg she is totally crying because her bf beat her up #firstworldproblems!!!"
makes tumblr becuase facebooks to mainstream shares tumblr on facebook.
OMG!! I ATE AT THE RUSH AND DIDN'T MAKE IT BACK TO  MY ROOM IN TIME.
"live life to the fullest" Spends life on Facebook
OMG Her voice is so good...like omg
OMG 9/11 was the saddest day of my life born in 1996!
"i hate fake bitches" Highlights, spray tan, ceramic nails, pajama jeans, blue contacts, bleached teeth
leaves her profile logged in at the apple store omg i got hacked u guyz!!
Has never had a boyfriend relationship status: It's complicated
Has serious relationship with boyfriend Cheats while drunk and says its not her fault
Just broke up with her soul mate Has a new soul mate 3 days later
Today: My heart goes out to those in Japan Last Year: Why is there a benefit concert for Haiti and not for the Gulf?
I just stalked all your pictures OMG I'm so weird 
Says is going to shoot someone in the fucking head over a joke that they didn't like
Changed Last Name on facebook to middle name new identity
Angle camera down shirt  PROFILE PIC! <3 Omg u guys im not a whore
Gets crazee on friday night wears pajama bottoms to Jamba Juice
makes meme uses completely wrong meme for caption
Likes Animal Rights Takes a picture of dog in a dress
Status: "Party, everyone come!" OMG! What are you doing here?
DUCK LIPS A girl's best friend
Im going to go cruising tonight! "i whip my cricket bat back and forth, my cricket bat back and forth"
I Found a website with all these me-mes it's called me-mebase
Has Bob Marley quote in profile "lol eww people who do drugs are losers"
Wow that film's in 3D i've never seen anything in 3d
Przyjebal kanarowi Moj bochater
I'm The Realest Girl you'll ever meet! Fakest Bitch you've ever met
Missed call from Derp Posts "Hey @Derp!You called?" on Derp's wall.
delete pictures of myself with boobs hanging out all you girls need to stop acting like sluts!
"ppl need 2 grow up" is only 14
Posts pictures of self which show on news feeds Calls friend a creeper for looking at them
Buys $200 beats by dre "OMG I'M SUCH AN AUDIOPHILE"
Just got a DUI Why is life so unfair ='(
See a friend at noon Wall post about how fun it was seeing them at 1:00
post picture of car thermometer showing 100 degrees speedometer shows 38 mph 
people are so stupid, everyone needs to read more books  watches jersey shore
blurry, artsy profile picture blurs severe acne problem
OMG I just drank Clorox  and it is sticking to the roof of my mouth
First time posting on wall in a year Hacked account spam for free ipads
156 photos All with photobooth effects on them
Dead Celebrity? biggest, most mournful fan in 3... 2...
GETS INTO HAWK WITH 43 YEAR OLD BLONDE GIRL I.D. "BEST NIGHT EVER!!@@!!!"
Make out with boy at party "in a relationship"
Receives a personal text message Responds via Facebook wall!
Just too much anal sex
invites you to over 9000 events in another state
"Haters gonna Hate" Make a status about hating haters
you Didn't log off on friends pc i "hacked" your facebook
posts a picture with the description "haha no makeup <3" is obviously wearing makeup
FRIENDS YOU, COMMENTS ON HALF YOUR POSTS, INVITES YOU TO ALL HER EVENTS, ALWAYS WISHES YOU A HAPPY BIRTHDAY DOESN'T RECOGNIZE YOU IRL
Folliwing tattoo on foot: "Live, laugh, love" in fancy cursive
Checks-in at Tanning and Waxing salon because it's "bikini season"  "Likes" her own status
posts instagram of chair with lomo effect omg - i'm such a fucking artist!
Posts picture of broom standing by itself omg it's magic!!
A broom standing on its own? so kewl!
become born-again christian clog up friends' newsfeeds with inspirational quotes and bible passages
Comments how awesome a youtube video scene is Quotes it again as if we didn't just fucking watch it
unfriended shit just got real
MY MOUTH IS WIDE OPEN FOR YOUR COCK
Tebow: 316 yards john 3:16 - For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
Will never learn the correct form of "there"
Claims to be huge harry potter nerd has "LOL I DON't READ" as favorite books.
omg can't sleep!!! 1 am
RIDICULES RELIGIOUS co-workers spends sundays at the psychic
I hate that I love him omg teenage love is so hard
OMG So much cum
submits pic to "Most beautiful teenager contest" Spams feed with "please like"
lol, I'm deleting my facebook! Changes name slightly 
Has 538 people on her buddy list actually talks to 14 of them
Complains about needing to stop procrastinating On facebook
omg! DAYGLOW IS CANCELED!!!! BETTER MAKE A FACEBOOK STATUS
I HAVE A BABY If you couldn't tell from the 100s of photos and constant updates about baby giggles
Bought tickets to a Deadmau5 Concert Pronounces his name as Dead Mau five
HIPSTAMATIC PRINT AT AN ANGLE ARTIST
Sings the duck face song makes duck face anyways
Live, laugh, love Tattooed on foot
No one cares or pays attention to me Status: Truth is...
sasuke cosplay by a nigger
"Bitch, come out and talk shit to my face" posted as passive-aggressive status
"Quiet Reflection time" turns phone off
Uploads picture from middle school omg!! don't look at how ugly i used to be!
he bumped into me and said sorry omg were in love
posts a video you actually wouldn't mind watching through an app
I Love Dubstep. SKRILLEX SKRILLEX SKRILLEX!
