I liked the book before the movie poster became the cover
Became an atheist before discovering r/atheism
No longer a popular meme finally!
Upvotes post on R/new downvotes when it hits frontpage 
Its called logic  You've probably never heard of it
complains maraschino cherries contain formaldehyde... smokes 
i became an atheist before i joined reddit
eggman? oh, you mean dr. robotnik
If a tree falls in a forest and no one is around to hear it I'd buy the soundtrack
knew about memes before they were on facebook
I was your go to meme for making fun of hipsters before it was cool
Sort by: Lowest popularity
I was on r/trees before it reached 200,000 subscribers
everyone has forgotten about me mission accomplished
Made a Halloween costume so obscure, no one gets it Success!
Somebody said I should see The St. John River and the Penobscot River  I said no, they're   two Maine streams
occupy wall street protesting death of jobs before jobs died
smoked marijuana  before it was legal
you've probably never heard of it starting from the bottom?
Sees someone's laundry in the dryer Takes it before it's cool
I ate hot pockets before they were cool burnt the roof of my mouth
I liked Amy winehouse Before she went underground
Saw that post on the front page When it was on the "new" queue
Istanbul? Oh, you mean Constantinople
Everyone Cheats at Minecraft I only mine with my fists
Mario? Oh, you mean jumpman
I HATED NICKELBACK BEFORE THEY SUCKED
mention a tv show i dont own a tv
I don't watch movies I watch films
I hated dubstep before it was uncool
I was an atheist before god didn't exist
smoked marijuana  before it was illegal 
Shops at Urban Outfitters tells people " I bought it at a thrift store"
I downvoted that before it was a repost
I played TF2 before it was free
I was having 80's parties before the 80's
Istanbul? Oh, you mean Byzantium
Subreddit loses popularity now i can post again
My ears can detect frequencies of 65 kHz You've probably never heard them
I read that Before it had karma
hated nancy grace before caylee anthony
KONY 2007
Halfway through Psychology 101 Understands the human mind
France? Oh, you mean gaul
I loved Fridays... ... Before Rebecca Black
The Constitution? I prefer the Articles of Confederation
I was a cat meme  before it was mainstream
I have a pet mole i think you know why
nascar? too mainstream i prefer indycar
i was into bdsm before 50 shades  made it mainstream
kings of leon? I liked them when they were the Dukes of leon
I knew that before it had 800 points on til
harriet tubman is my favorite historical figure she was so underground
I listen to jazz you've probably never heard of him
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart oh you mean Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart
I liked adviceanimals when they were animals
I like William Shatner and Leonard Nimoy for their songs.
cats eye glasses how ironic ( actually, it's redundant )
Dumbledore is my favorite character Aberforth Dumbledore
THERE ARE TOYS IN KINDER EGGS? OH, I'D BEEN BUYING THEM FOR THEIR UNIQUE CHOCOLATE BLEND
I use digg ironically
I was Gay Before ridiculously photogenic guy
foreign films? when i'm travelling they're local cinema.
you got back from your vacation in Austria and hungary? what do you mean, "and"?
I wear livestrong wristbands for the irony
My favorite smoke spot is near a tributary It's not very mainstream
Male fashion advice? More like "only in America"
i was saying bird before it was the word
I liked Google When it was only a search engine
Complains mainstream radio should play better music Discards favourite band for getting airtime
what's my favorite continent?  Pangaea
I was a hipster Before any of those Disney characters.
Combustion Man? Oh, you mean Sparky Sparky Boom Man
Atari? Too mainstream. I use an Apple /// Plus.
atheist before knowing there was a word for it
See's someone's laundry in the dryer Take it before it's cool
I ENJOYED RETRO MUSIC BEFORE IT WAS RETRO.
Sold my laserdisc player when it became popular. bought a used one at a garage sale yesterday.
I play eve before her rework
"Waking Up" is too mainstream I prefer Less Trendy Maps
Star Wars? Oh yea, I only ever acknowledge the 20 year old vhs versions of the 2nd trilogy with awful sound and  picture quality I bought for a dollar 
i knew how nuclear reactors worked before the diagrams on CNN
I drove on this road before it was a detour 
I like my shit to be underground
"I only eat organic vegan health food" smokes forty a day
Favorite HIMYM Character Ranjit the cab driver
Bin Laden is dead? I knew that in like, 2002.
Constantinople? Oh, you mean Byzantium!
THE BEATLES? MOST OVERRATED BAND EVER I PREFER RADIOHEAD
I think its time for another new subreddit This one is already at 20 posts
herp is the new derp
I don't listen to bands I listen to sound projects theonlyhipandedgywebsite.co.uk
i knew herp before they were derp
Was into lubricant viral marketing when it was still called aids
Friday is so mainstream I'm into Tuesday. It's really obscure; you've probably never heard of it.
i've always appreciated harry's magic harry houdini, that is
I saw a picture on 9gag you probably havent seen it 
I upvoted that before it hit the front page
Listens to books on tape on vinyl
Facebook status About everyone else's status being the same
one does not simply not choose bulbasaur
Ragnaros? I killed him in molten core
What music am i into? I listen to demos of bands that dont even exist yet
New York? Oh, you mean New Amsterdam
I don't watch movies, i watch films.
Favorite Beatle? Pete Best
i need a job or my parents will stop sending money
This was my home before it was school
i listened to lana del rey before video games
i used the word literally when it actually meant literally
I have the VHS cover of "SIster act II" tattooed on my chest. No bigs.
majora's mask was my favorite game before it became popular on reddit
I liked metallica when they were called oreica
Scarlett Johansson? I masturbated to her before the cell phone pics
I upvoted that post Before it was on the front page
I got a new litter box it's vinyl
I listened to prince when he was a duke
Have i seen Friday Night Lights? i only watched it for the soundtrack.
Oriel? Oh, you mean The Provost and Scholars of the House of the Blessed Mary the Virgin in Oxford, commonly called Oriel College, of the Foundation of Edward the Second of famous memory, sometime King of England
I smoke weed before it is legal
I listened to mumford before he had sons
Manhattan? oh, you mean New Amsterdam
you went on a vacation to thailand? oh, you mean siam
All of my cultural heroes are black None of my friends are
Doesn't come back Too mainstream
liked freddie mercury when his name was Farrokh Bulsara
i liked adviceanimals before they were all humans
Kings of Leon? I preferred them when they were Princes
I liked Coca-Cola better when it was made with cocaine
I had a dragon deck Before dragons collide
started going to 4th coast the strutt got too mainstream
hunger games? oh, you mean battle royale.
I'm from Omaha. You've probably never heard of it.
what's my favorite game? ObsCure
I was wishing you a happy Birthday Before you were born
I liked cats before the Internet existed
I Don't Drink poland spring brand water It's too maine stream
Had University memes before it was popular
no, my itunes isn't missing cover art the bands i listen to don't have any
What? Me a hipster? no,  it's too mainstream now
I'm from a small European country You probably haven't heard of it
Huskers? oh, you mean the bugeaters
I am not a hipster I am just a cat who is original in every way possible
I knew about Joseph Kony and Child soldiers before someone decided 2012 was a good year to make money off him
Rivers? I liked them before they were mainstream
Liked Ron Paul in 2008 
World War II was alright But World War I was more underground
I liked r/adviceanimals when they were actually animals
I was atheist before reddit decided it was cool.
i guess no one will revive me that was a close one
I came out of the closet before i was gay
I listened to sympathy for the devil before black ops
King Diamond? He was better when he was prince coal
Only watches movies on VHS
Enter shikari? I listened to them when you thought it was gay
Trackwork on inner west line better complain on r/sydney
My band put out it's second cd First
The time? It's 5:67. Oh I'm sorry I only do metric time now.
Upvoting and Downvoting are too mainstream I vote Diagonally
Guild wars was F2P before it was cool
Bach is too mainstream I prefer Fasch
eats dog food ironically 
Dr. Seuss? I prefer Theodore Geisel
Macbook + coffee shop + oversized mug of tea heaven
My ears can detect frequencies of 65 kHz You've probably never heard them
I LISTENED TO WEEZER WHEN THEY WERE STILL COUGHER
I listened to deadmau5 When he was still alive
getting ready to not like the hobbit anymore
Was killing people on Alderaan Before Vader blew it up
I was into star wars before greedo shot first
advice animals were better  before all the humans took over
Shadow of the Colossus? Too mainstream. I prefer Ico
Made a musically oblivious 8th grader Got downvoted because nobody knew the band
Eating babies and sacrificing virgins before it was cool
I studied in the Gilman Atrium Before all the other hipster humanities majors
I liked Memes before my university's meme page
I wear Camouflage  ironically
I liked guido jesus when he didnt have any text
hipster kitty mom loved you before you were born
I was gay Before i liked coldplay
I liked the UCSC memes page when it was still underground at 3:15 today
Rivers? No they're too mainstream
this isn't a belated birthday message i'm just 364 days early for next year
Heavy Capital text? I'm kind of over that font.
 I smell a hipster...
i liked advice animals when they gave advice
I called people hipsters before the term went mainstream
i was suave in 5th grade
Celebrating your birthday on the day you were born? So maninstream. I celebrate the day I was conceived.
Goku? Oh you mean Kakarot
Reads all the comments before they get upvoted
eggman? oh, you mean dr. robotnik
I played wow before and after it as cool
Weed? no, i smoke metaphysical ideals
too tight? never
"What's today's date?" Gives it to you in Mayan long count
Porn? I use erotic moving pictures.
a boy who looks like conor oberst wants to date me I CAN PRETEND HE IS CONOR OBERST
I saw this link on reddit before you posted it on facebook
I liked Avatar When it was still called Pocahontas
i want my mewmews back
hipster? excuse me, i prefer beat movement literary
I'm a vegetarian already been boycotting chick-fil-a for years
MGMT? Oh, you mean "Management"?
dvd? i only have a vcr player
i worship satan because he's underground
I knew about memes Before English universities spread them on Facebook
You watched the Girl with the dragon tattoo? I prefer the swedish version
Pitt? You mean the Western University of Pennsylvania?
I was making memes My other freshman year
It's some obscure borough you've probably never heard of it...
I liked plate tectonics before pangaea broke up
BURNT TONGUE on pizza good, still not cool yet
I cant make correct memes fuck me, right?
here let me altavista that  for you
found edinburgh uni memes when it only had <100 'likes'
i posted on uo memes before the emerald offered $500 for most liked post
Boston College? You mean Chestnut Hill University?
the strutt is moving michigan ave is too mainstream
needs to be more ironic
Minecraft? No, I play roblox
 Cats are too mainstream 
Zombie apocalypse: everyone going underground? i'll stay up here
You'll be able to jump? Great, here come all the wow players.  /unsubscribe
I invaded Rome before the Gauls.
Throws '80s party 1880s
My meme died way before you had ever even thought about it
I go to Rice It like an ivy but less mainstream
hipster kitty? what's that?
Screw Freshman 15 I walk everywhere and barely eat the gross food at Metro and VG's
I was a hipster back when it was called "being indie"
Red Dead Redemption? I only play Revolver
I only buy  69 Cent Songs on Itunes
21 000 Hz? oh, you've probably never heard it before.
Minecraft? Too mainstream I play ace of spades
I liked this game before Bob Sunesson was fired
I make hipster cat memes Ironically
i have a macbook because i'm too indie for a functional computer
Favourite band? you wouldn't know it
I liked your steak When it was only veal
I liked memes  Before everybody decided to make a college page dedicated to them
Favorite star wars character?  ARCA JETH: was part of the Jedi/Republic task force that was sent to the Hapes Cluster to eliminate the threat of the Lorell Raiders, pirates who had preyed on Republic shipping lanes for decades.  
ya reddit, only 56 people on campus are on it you've probably never heard of it
denies being a hipster denial is underground
i don't watch tv unless somebody else turns it on
My little pony: friendship is magic? No, I watch my little pony dream valley
I LIKED SAP when he was still awkward
Caramel Freddo? Oh you mean Taz bar
I joined /r/antimeme yesterday
I upvoted that post Before it was on the front page
trollface? too mainstream
Holds sushi event in Musser Auditorium
I commanded a secret world wide anti-alien organization Before it became mainstream
I don't make pixel art that's not how you play minecraft
Istanbul? oh, you mean Constantinople
The Beatles? They were better when they were called the quarrymen
My little pony: friendshipt is magic? No, I watch my little pony dream valley
my favorite movie of all time is... ..what's the point? you've never heard of it.
Oh you're now into visual novels? That's nice.
Lazar? Lazar a fost elev la sava
I've had facebook timeline before it was cool to get pissed about it. 
I use Linux Totally hip
If I was in lord of the rings i'd be gimli. because hes so underground
i knew about about Memes Before they were on facebook
I just got an invite to Dogpile+ It's pretty obscure, you probably haven't heard of it
e-reader? no, i only read hieroglyphics. i wrote a blog about, but its only available on papyrus
once i spent $200 on one record.
i hated hipsters before they were cool
Underpants as a hat... ...It's the NEW BLACK
MY FAVOURITE D.J. D.J. TANNER
Mac vs. PC? LINUX
I knew business cat in his first life
i use a commodore 64 and cassettes then i listen to them
 loves cat food no, not "That"  cat food
I wasn't a hipster Before it was cool
"Happy Birthday"? Too mainstream. Have a joyous natal celebration.
births a hipster kitten names it "ryder".
Oklahoma City thunder? Oh, you mean the Seattle Supersonics
Jane austen is too mainstream   I only read Croatian poetry from 1743-1746
Store bought Birthday Card? Too Mainstream
I was online Before it was cool
I liked Sriracha  before it was cool, yet was still hot
Goes to punk show at Radio bean Stands still the entire time
Pastafarianism? Too mainstream
I was on reddit Before it was cool
Pens are too mainstream I use a quill
Chuck Testa? I prefer Streetlamp Le Moose It's a pretty obscure meme, you've probably never heard of it
9 lives? gave 2 away, composite numbers are so mainstream
i'm really liking this new indie band you've probably never purr'd of them
MASS PROTEST IN SYRIA? WHAT LABEL ARE THEY ON?
named bernard stupid cat names too mainstream
Mainstream? Lamestream.
i used to eat salmon before they went upstream
 
I took benzodiazepines before they were xanax
Talked about knowing about memes before they were on facebook before it was talked about
Osama? Saddam's apprehension was way more undergound
Atlanta? What is that? I've been to Underground Atlanta.
memes are too mainstream i only make stupids comics to post on facebook
I liked r/trees before santorum hated it
Youtubes band Scrolls down to least popular video
bisexual? no, i'm pansexual
I hated kony before he was famous
I nammed my cat Montag
I actually read that when it was first on the front page 7 months ago....
I'm moving to Lesotho you've probably never heard of it
I liked FMF Porn  before the dude entered the frame
i don't watch movies i watch films
owns donnie darko on vinyl
Oh, they changed iron blocks, did they? Bitch, I haven't used default textures in years
I liked peace and fulfillment of humankind's potential before my friends became interested in AIESEC
Pity Sex? That band is rad
I'm not on cats that look like hitler hitlers on dictators that look like me
i don't smile because i'm cool like that
Music is too mainstream... no, i listen to art.
brothers karamazov? too mainstream i read notes from the underground
I DRINK NERD PROBABLY NEVER HEARD OF IT
bitch! Fuck you!
I Knew about sopa before the wikipedia blackout
I liked memes  before there was a Clemson meme page 
i ride a fixie  walking is like so pedestrian
Dubstep was amazing before it became mainstream
I HATEd cumdodgers  before PKA
I hated hipsters Before it was cool.
It's your birthday? Hipster cat celebrated yesterday.
I hated napoleon dynamite before they made it into an animated series
Subscribed to r/atheism before it became a default subreddit
testing? too mainstream
Like my scarf? thanks its urban outfitters. i bought it at goodwill.
yolo? oh, you mean carpe diem
The black keys should go back to being a garage band
Skyrim? Morrowind was better
"I was on Google+ before it was cool" Still on Google+
says he's vegan because it's healthy smokes
Visuotinis  gyventoju surasymas ? facebook did it before you
Tonight, Tonight by the Smashing Pumpkins.  Hot Chelle Rae is too mainstream
Attacked with Game of Thrones meme... Read Game of Thrones 6 years ago
I Do My Makeup In The Basement I'm Pretty Underground
i posted in /r/adviceanimals before it was a default subreddit
kitten in a bow tie? I wore bowties before they were the cats meow
smoke weed every day smoking on 4/20 is mainstream
I popped some tags  with only 20 dollars in my pocket before it was cool.
listening depeche mode? thanks. i just do some studies in lcc. you know, decadance and stuff...
PBR? No thanks. I take my absinthe straight up.
Wishing happy birthday on birthday is so mainstream
I listened to Psychedelic Trance while it was still on piano.
I would say "Happy Birthday" But that's too mainstream Feliz Cumpleanos
I hated nickelback before the black keys pointed out how shitty they really are
Isn't it Ironic That I am discussing Irony Ironically?
I covered myself with SpaghettiOs ™ in 2005
I liked snoopy  before he was joe cool
Hipster? no, that's too mainstream.
i hated sonny moore before he was skrillex
Indie Music? Too Mainstream.
halloween? i celebrate the Celtic festival of Samhain
I liked Kayle before the rework
I take classes from the Scandinavian studies department you've probably never heard of it
I use irony ironically
I liked Patrice O'Neal Before he was underground
Falcon Punch! Too mainstream, I'm more of a Falcon kick kind of guy anyways
Freddie mercury? OH, YOU MEAN FARROKH BULSARA
My favorite movie is "Buried" it's really undergournd
French film is too mainstream.  I onl I only watch Indonesian noir from1944-1947
When I visit Rome I only go to the Lupercale, because it's in the ground.
I play minecraft on my macbook pro
birthday parties are lame
Redstone and Pistons? The Industrial Age can suck it.
I liked memes before people on the ucsb meme page used them wrong
the dust bowl.... you've probably never heard of it
I was on Google+ When it was still called Facebook
 Cat Unabomber
yo momma so mainstream her favorite mixtape is a dub of the latest Glee cd
you hate hipsters? that's so mainstream. eww.
Pink Floyd? The best bunch of Architects ever.
happy name day!
I knew Paul Farmer before he was the UN Special Envoy to Haiti
I study for exams weeks in advance Studying last minute is far too mainstream
Type "Helvetica" into Google Oh, dear god! 
Fake glasses? Fake Wheelchairs.
Hairy Snatch
You celebrate Christmas on December 25th? I celebrate on January 6th
Warren Wilson College Hipster before it was cool
socks? no, my name is tom and socks are too mainstream
Gaddafi used to be my favorite dictator, but now he's so mainstream
I liked Battle Royale Before it was The Hunger Games Caption 3 goes here
Put vegan mayonaise on turkey sandwich
I was on r/favors before kleinbl00
I upvoted this before it was cool
I said "I liked Bill Murray before he was cool" No one believed me.
we wear grandpa sweaters nuff said
I made rutgers memes before there was a facebook group
Buy UCL Hoodie Stick an "a" on the end to seem more cool
you dont get my hipster kitty meme caption? you wouldnt.
I Ride My Unicycle everywhere especially at night and on the freaking road
See a post on frontpage Upvoted before it went mainstream
did you notice my beard and mustache? i take the bus so people can see it
of course i've heard them i know them personally
I hated liking things that were hated before they were cool before liking things there hated before they were cool was cool.
Advice Animals I liked them when they didn't cover every topic known to man 
memes? the dawkins kind or did you mean lolcats?
I saw the Nelsonvillians When Jake still had his fro
My Favorite band? a Tree falls in the forest  don't worry, you haven't heard them
Go to show Only stay for opening bands
i wear glasses without lenses
Dragon Ball z? Oh, you mean Doragon boru zetto?
Knew about the dates before they were announced I'm so hetty, i'm not even kitten you
iPhone  cassette  tape  case? i  cover  my  phone  with  vinyl
I liked memes. Before they were cool. 
I liked memes before there were facebook pages for them
Coconut water? I used to drink it before it became mainstream...
I was into red dots before there were laser pointers
American Movies are so... Bourgeois
I liked Ithaca before it was Gorges
Joyeux anniversaire Because happy birthday is too mainstream
Hellfirecomms? I prefer Unpluggedcomms.
DANIEL TOSH was a fan when Dave Chappelle was on.
OSAMA? I LIKE HIM AGAIN NOW THAT HES UNDERGROUND
posted links on facebook to raise awareness about Uganda, but otherwise did nothing else before it was mainstream
Chessum wanted a national demo  before it was cool
I believed that Jesus was the son of god Before he born
Over 150 Pokemon? I've probably never heard of them.
Trying to be romantic to BF/GF, "I liked you even before I knew you."
automatic? no, i drive a fixie.
I hated Skrillex before it was cool to hate him
You call it lack of talent I call it genius
E-Mail? I prefer carrier pigeons
This meme page was gold a couple of days ago now the memes are soooo shit
I liked Skrillex When he was Skrilleix
Silent but deadly you probably never heard it
I liked memes  before they were everywhere on facebook
I hated Obama  before it was cool 
Google Plus? no, i use google minus
Linking to the song on youtube with the least amount of views 
GGG? I knew him when he was still bad
EarlWolf? Yeah, Thebe Kgositile and Tyler okonma, like i said.
Clank? Oh you mean XJ-0461?
Uses internet explorer Ironically 
Heavy Capital text Is too mainstream
Fuck Corporations  Now excuse me while I drink this PBR and smoke an American Spirit
I supported Kony 2012 Before everyone on my Facebook thought it was cool
Make breakfast Don't eat it just photograph
Be a professor of Anthropology and Gender, Women’s & Sexuality Studies in the Department of Gender, Women’s & Sexuality Studies Say [F-Word] YOU, REPUBLICANS
My camera only shoots in Black and white
None of you liked Betty White Before Snickers and I did....
Dual 570 GTX's in SLI Only plays muds
i was faith hilling in January 
FREUD? GERGEN? FOUCAULT? TO MAINSTREAM
Hates Hypsters has golden dragon jasmin tea at chi ov na
I went to BC  hockey games When we only had *2* national championships
I go to uncg Don't worry you never heard of it
I knew about Kony Before he was the worst
Yeah, I go to r/hipster You've probably never heard of it
CD? My favorite band only puts out vinyls
Do I read Game of Thrones? No, I read Song of Ice and Fire
Katie baker liked Juxtaposition and intertextuality before they were on the internet
I go to university of the pacific you've probably never heard of it
Simpsons and Family guy? Too Mainstream.
I used to smoke cigarettes.. And then Caspian banned smoking 
Haven't been on the front page for weeks Finally
Favorite TV show? battlestar helvetica.
Hipster Disease? There's no vaccine because you probably never heard of it.
i liked asking alexandria before danny whoresnop became a ginger
I liked Liam Neeson before Taken
Sorry would you like some cheese with your wine? 
YOU JUST DON't get Sigur Ros
Nirvana and Green Day are so overrated I prefer Pearl Jam
I only use Diglett It's underground
my mouth hurts 'cause i ate pizza before it was cool
I was playing with this yarn Before it was on a spool
What do you call a hipster when they fall down the stairs?  tumblr!
Liked Whitney Houston Before she was underground
You still use SVN? All the cool kids use Git.
football? oh, you mean american football - i prefer football, or as you would call it, soccer
My school is named after a founding father You've probably never heard of him 
Moria? You've probably never heard of it. It's underground.
i cared about tsunamis back in 2004
Yeah i love their first album but everything else is shit
Getting wisdom teeth out is too mainsteam get tonsils out
python vs ruby? too mainstream. i use coffescript
I hated Tim Tebow Before he played football
I liked crafting Before it was christmas time
I liked ron paul before he was popular
I'm moving to  New York City you've probably never heard of it
Iran? Oh, you mean persia
I study art history and russian literature. at glasgow uni.
Faci din MIchael Vince? prea mainstream
reading Marx is cliche Even Zizek says so
Oh, you mean AMERICAN Thanksgiving?
Uli Jon Roth You've probably never heard of him
Only drinks fair trade organic coffee unless starbucks is close
Attend VCU? No, too mainstream now
Iphone? No, I still use my flip phone
I hated Hispters Before it Was Cool
stare at screen try to think of ironic memes
of montreal was better before their first album
We named our son Aiden before it was cool
I liked Neville Longbottom Before he was cool
I had gangster swag Before swag was even invented
mice? i only kill underground rats.
I watched the morning show before it started to suck
I used to love Radiohead when they were Telegramhead
pepsi? oh, you mean "brad's drink"
I went to Beys before it became a hipster bar
I iz hipzter but there no groovee klub
i had johnny solis on facebook before he became friendzone johnny
I had high dps  before it was cool
Oasis?  No, I listen to Death Metal
i saw the picture already on reddit
I went to the Success Center before it was Successful
I wear a scarf in the summer... Because its cool
I made RAMApo memes before there was an official ramapo meme page
I went to Muhlenberg before it was the hottest college
I burnt my tongue on my pizza; I ate it before it was cool
I revived the meme before it was dead.
I used to follow tweets now twitter is too mainstream
it costs a lot of money to look this poor
I knew Eoin Baxter Before he was Baxtaa Gaaaaa
says sex is liberating for modern women doesn't realize there were whores in the bible 2,000+ years ago.
Yes, I use tumblr (to follow bands you've never heard of)
you've probably never been to [10] I don't think it means what you think it means
Oppose SOPA? That's too mainstream
this meme has died i can finally use it again
I liked ASJ Before he played Basketball
dr.pepper was better before med school
I liked Mumford Before he had sons.
Odd Future? Oh you mean, Odd Future Wolf Gang Kill Them All Dont Give A Fuck Litter Life Bacon Boys Loiter Squad Butt Fuck Bitch Niggas
I listen to vinyl records because cassette tapes became to mainstream
I liked Syd Arthur Before they had a wikipedia page
My Little Pony Macro? I liked them back when they were a 4chan meme
No one remembers my meme? Good
Didn't like Lil Wayne Before he wore the lime green uggs
I hung out in the BC BEFORE it was the Union
Happy Birthday Now Go Do Some Homo Shit
I liked cats Before they were cool
JESUS? I liked him when he was still called Horus.
Have a Profile Photo Is Too Mainstream
Skrillex? Oh, you mean sonny moore
gangster? no, i'm just a thug
Taking pictures correctly? No, I take pictures sideways 
OCCUPY WALL STREET Oh, you mean the Tennis Court Oath
4chan.org? I think you meant 4chan.net
 Captions above my head are too mainstream
my favorite skater? well he's not in a tony hawk game so...
My camera only shoots in Black and white
Complains about pop being unhealthy Smokes and stays drunk the latter half of the week
I play the Mellophone. You probably haven't heard of it, though.
I saw that on reddit weeks ago, bro
I liked Neutral Milk Hotel when they were indifferent Dairy Resort
I upvoted that Before the frontpage
Troll face? Oh you mean the cool face
Linux is too main stream I use freebsd
I went to nyu because a campus is too mainstream
I knew the camelot system when it was called circle of fifths
8.9? BEST NEW MUSIC
way to go, ridiculously photogenic guy you fucking sellout
I liked Paddy's Before there was no sign
30 mpg? my prius gets better.
i read memes before the brockport meme page came out
Makes a newspaper hat calls it "upcycled wearable papercraft"
I found it on facebook before someone posted it on reddit
YOU DA BOSS. YOU DA BOSS YEAH.
I Liked Pablo Honey
Instagram Everything!
Hipster I Can Has Asian Chikin Wrap Made memes before it was cool
YOLO Oh, you mean carpe diem.
You're here for the what party? O you mean samhain.
granulating before blue oceans were cool
Picking up  a fresh bag of weed it's just too mainstream
I liked Summer Wars When it was Digimon: the Movie
Google+ is too mainstream i use ping
Cheer Up Sweety Angel
Diablo 3 is out? Good, I can finally play Diablo 2.
Nyan cat? Oh do you mean the hamster dance?
oh yeah i did cocaine on new years
being understood too mainstream dkasdf askdf
Que? El ingles es muy mainstream
I liked Monstercat before there were different colours
I knew about Rebecca Black On Tuesday
The kerning on these footnotes is disgusting
Chuck Taylors suck wear vans
I liked Dave Grohl before the Internet
Knew about Kony's child soldiers Before they were underground
Goucher College You've probably never heard of it
If a tree falls in the middle of the forest and no one's around to hear it I bought the soundtrack
Didn't support limbaugh  before it was cool
Wears $500 glasses No lenses. Eyes are Fine
I like my shit to be underground
I liked pocahontas before it was called avatar
Facebook? Twitter? I use Freindster. Caption 3 goes here
this meme looks more like an old woman cat than a hipster cat just sayin
kitty litter is so mainstream I like to poop outside the box
yo momma so mainstream she's got a Glee CD in her Honda Civic
What? Magikarp is evolving! Cancel cancel cancel 
say happy birthday to will on actual birthday too mainstream
Photographer. Work at Starbucks. Liberal Arts Student. Theatre Fan. Love Bearded Singer Songwriters. STILL MAKE FUN OF HIPSTERS
i liked them before they were popular after they became popular i stopped liking them
I liked Jeremy Lin Before he was in the NBA.
I watched Parliament TV before they were all rational human beings
baby shower? no, my art show is tonight.
Dubstep? I listen to Tristep
Alpha 1.0.17_04 I played minecraft before it was cool
Pabst? I liked it before it had a ribbon
how many of us does it take to screw in a light bulb? it's a really cool number, you've probably never heard of it
vinyl is all i own no record player
Old-school? I call it "Alma Mater."
sleeping is so mainstream
is a stray at eclipse campus is too mainstream
I was licking my but ...before you bought the new food 
play super mario bros with luigi
I liked Skrillex When he was Sonny Moore
Drinks peace tea stops when finds out it's the same company as monster energy drinks
I committed suicide Living is mainstream
Friends looking at funny cat posts seen it 4 months ago
music? no, i listen to art.
Cat Jumps In To The Shower Wet Pussy.
Friday, Rebecca Black? I get down on Thursday.
Friends all get beats by dre Buys 10 dollar coby headphones to not seem mainstream
Just bought an iPad can't afford new clothes
knitting? I've been knitting since... well I knitted my own placenta.
I went to Narnia before it was a thing
That section header Would look better in Helvetica
The Disco Biscuits? better when they were Zex Sea
Biking to college? I got my bike from 'Peregrine' cycles. You probably never heard of them
University of Wisconsin-Platteville? Oh, you must mean Platteville Normal School.
I thought memes were cool before people put them on facebook
I liked memes before they were cool... When i discovered 4chan last summer
having a functional pancreas is too mainstream
PL? You mean KOS 2.0
I liked memes Before they swarmed my facebook page
I Had a Moustache Before Movember
All my friends are into underground stuff they're dead
Dropped that band when they attracted fans Richer than me
I knew about that event before it was on  B-line
knew about Joseph Kony before he was on reddit
See's that everyone is making hitler and breadfriend memes Makes a hipster meme instead
Google is so mainstream. I use Yahoo.
Arcade fire won a grammy dead to me
i watch porn for the storyline
you like my scratching post? yea that vid is from a friends party i dj'd at.
I liked silent movies before they had sound
i liked memes before everyone else on facebook did
I knew about Kathy before she worked in Wilsbach
^^ pa` na^u* like cho em no' mung*`
Football season! where's my usfl t-shirt?
favorite band? tool.
My favorite band plays at 19 Hz You've probably never heard them
I see two cute hipster lesbians across the street on the corner of my gym and my trader joes in seattle. "Who goes to the gym on a saturday night?" -they laugh and walk off I went to the gym on a saturday night before it was cool, and i'm sorry you didn't
Used to go to bonnaroo Now i teach.  and, i'm a fucking cat.
YOLNT YOU ONLY LIVE NINE TIMES
"nonconformist" the new conformist
Used to listen to Dubstep But now that you do, I don't
I liked LMFAO When they were LOL
I joined aiesec before it was cool Caption 3 goes here
I liked darth vader before he was a wimp
lived in the mile end before it was anglo
Res life? oh, you mean department of community living
Yeah, I've heard that band before I like their earlier stuff.
Lenin Cat? Oh you mean Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov cat.
wears ironic shirts ironically
It's not porn, It's Erotica
Diglett is my favorite pokEmon  Because It's so Underground
Reuses glass water bottle because plastic and aluminum  bottles can "release toxins" For lunch, opens up a can of Progresso soup, pours it in to a plastic tupperwear  container and puts it in the microwave. 
Do I believe I've been here before? No, I've been here bethree.
Knew Invisible Child scam source you used on facebook atleast an hour before you 
Zack Ryder? Oh, you mean Matthew Joseph cardona, jr.
I knew                     Pablo Stanley before he knew what 9gag was
american idol? i prefer star search
Saw Nate Ruess when he still had dog problems
YO MAMA'S SO FAT THAT WHEN SHE SAT ON A RAINBOW IT BROKE AND SKITTLES WENT EVERYWHERE!!!
Have you heard of the band "Stale Urine"? I've been listening to them since before they were a band
iphone 4s? I only use a modded N-GAGE
gets a tattoo of an inverted cross i'm the biggest atheist
Reddit? I beat Reddit. I made the front page 4 times.
LA Quad? na bro, that's too mainstream
i knew that BEFORE YOU LEARNED it TODAY 
We knew what umich memes were before they made the website
I'm thinking of changing species Kitties are too mainstrteam. 
i liked tyler, the creator before he was created
I knew cats would rule the internet but i didnt tell anyone because fuck the internet
Electrocado of course you haven't heard of them...
What do you want me to do with this cheezburger? Eat it? I threw it on the ground!
Get married WEDDING PICS 100% INSTAMATIC
i was a fan of allan rickman When he was hans gruber
I hated Facebook before they changed anything
favorite "how i met your mother" character ranjit the cab driver
It's Friday so just chill out!
I play minecraft with original textures
I was Skrillex  Before there was Skrillex
I don't go to Moosehead Lake Too Maine-stream
Laptop? You mean iPad with a keyboard.
Tetris? Klax did it better.
watches all anime except naruto
I liked Les Miserables when it was a book
sees own post creeping towards front page downvotes
i listened to lady gaga  before she was born this way 
MASDAR it's an obscure gerund you've probably never heard of it
Varien? I think you mean halo nova
I got a Dogpile+ invite today You probably haven't heard of it
Paul McCartney Was the worst Beatle. 
I have a iPhone but do not be jealous of me.
pussy just learned today what vagina bone is today
I liked tech hockey when their wins were in the single digits
COMO ME SIENTO CADA VEZ QUE ENTRO A /r/argentina
I liked "CC Problems" before it had more than 200 likes
I liked Dream Theater When they were called Majesty
Earthquakes are on the eastcoast now? So over
I may look adorable But im actually Zooey Deschanel
I liked the ULU Bar before the first years found it
I come from a small town that you probably never heard of
Read Vogue and drink Jack Daniel's? Become a stylist
pedobear? oh, you mean safety bear
i wasted hours daily looking at memes before the creation of duke memes
cares about children in uganda Until it becomes mainstream
I knew what memes were before they blew up on Facebook
I protested Libya before gaddafi
some people call it kidnapping i prefer surprise adoption
Went on UCL Memes before it had 500 likes
I upvoted that post while it was still in the new section
I liked Sharks BEFORE SHARK WEEK
listens to in the aeroplane over the sea  skips track 2 every time
Bacchus? Oh, you mean Dionysus
i was an old meme before all these other old memes
i knew frank ocean when he was frank waterdrop
i liked obscure phrases before obscure phrases were mainstream
Marshall University You probably never herd of them
Justin bieber god's gift to male pedophiles
Boonville Beer Festival? That is so played
I liked memes  before uni-candyassgots found out what they were
Hipsters  ruined kafka for me
I'd say something ironic but that's exacttly wht you'd expect
Barnaland loved her before everyone else did
I made that joke before it was a picture
I watch Twin peaks You've probably never heard of it
SExy cat costume? HOW ORIGINAL.
I liked memes and knew what they were before they were put on the nmu meme page
I was polyamorous before it was mainstream
ARCADE FIRE WON AN OSCAR I DON'T LISTEN TO THEM ANYMORE
I buy apple products now because Steve Jobs is underground
Stfu I played Bioshock way before I even knew who Ayn Rand was
I Listened to design the skyline before they got jizzed on by rainbows.
I listened to From first to last Before skrillex went mainstream.
I commented on posts before they had any upvotes
i liked radiohead  when they were mainstream
porlaputa is so mainstream... Caption 3 goes here
john carter oh, you mean the princess of mars
Uploads Picture to Instagram Hash-tags Everything in Picture
Knew about it before it was on reddit
I HAD A SOUL PATCH BEFORE PAT DINIZIO.
I liked memes before university meme groups popped up on facebook
I liked PacSun before black people
Uses internet explorer for mac.
Asks for board game recommendations  replies with only obscure games
I hated Kony before invisible children made a movie about him
turnitin.com similarity: 0%
I burn my mouth with my starbucks frapp because i drank it before it was cool
Mason Jars Are for drinking moonshine, not preserving food
I upvoted that before it was on the front page
I LIKED METRO MANILA AIDE WHEN SAUL GODMAN WAS PLAYING GUITAR
јас знаев дека сте од циа уште пред да ве изд
Memebase? no, i check out reddit
python vs ruby? too mainstream. i use coffeescript
I submitted links to /r/reddit.com
istanbul? oh, you mean constantinople
Walked down State Street When it still had Insomnia Cookies
I ate at mcelroy when it had tents
Pitt had bomb threats before point park thought it was cool
A dream within a dream? Edgar Allan Poe is too mainstream
YOLO? Try Nine times motherfucker
I celebrated my 22nd birthday when i was 19
MA FUTUT UN RATON IN CACAT SI MA CAC IAURT
DBZ was cool Before Abridged
Let's pokemon battle!!! take out my 6 level 100 metapods!!!
Saw shit chants don't say before it was posted on youtube
i liked eddie vedder back when he was in temple of the dog.
I liked dubstep before eau claire had a dubstep concert
I Knew Christine Schindler before Clinton mentioned her on national television
a dog? whatever, chinchilla badger hybrids are the only pet i'd have.
Sorry bro, I am busy with my graphic design project today Sits in Northern Shores Coffee Shop while on faCebook
 Put a fried egg on that
I ate that burrito before it was cool 
I ate at orange leaf before anyone else Too mainstream now.
"Bro" Do you even thrift?
what's your name? I'll myspace you
Foucault 
I Went to Cal U Before they handed out underages
Jesus? Oh you mean Horus?
I used Google back when it was 10
The Weather Channel? I only check my weather on Weather Underground
Cause fuck #Kony2012, I only Liked Social Movements before they became effective. 
I went to Chasers Before the chase even began
Our principal was Tim McDonough you've probably never heard of him
i was a meme before memes were cool
My favourite TMBG album is superfueled freaksickle
Ticks? On my dick? too mainstream
Bowser? oh, you mean king koopa
Trance Cat Apoia o Hugo 
Upvoted That Before it was popular
I did             "Alternative Breaks" before I knew it was an org
i liked burning man before you couldn't go
I run my own club night in my house we sit around eating clubs, is good
I liked salsaritas when it was quiznos
youtube has a new layout can finally use the old one
Being hipster Is too mainstream
I was in Model United Nations when it was still Model League of Nations
I said happy birthday before the it was your birthday
your vhs tapes say 'a new hope'? mine only say star wars; they're the true originals.
I was against ACTA Before Reddit 
I was a communist before Stalin made it cool
Why did hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee before it was cool.
Is vegan  rides a fixie and only eats organic Huge slut with every STD imaginable Smokes weed and 2 packs a day
I went to wants vs needs Before they moved to First Avenue
Mary: i got pregnant without sex Because pregnancy after sex is too mainstream
i made fun of drexel before i got accepted
Headbanging Listening to an audio book 
Ive been smoking cigarettes since before they gave you lung cancer
Puns? Oh, you mean paronomasia.
LISTENED TO KARMIN BEFORE IT WENT MAINSTREAM
Gave Mike Maranets shit Before he made memes 
Studying? Too Mainstream 
I voted for Jimmy McMillan when he ran for mayor of new york in 1993
merry january Because "merry Christmas" is so last year
computer backup?  I had backups when I was an English major
Internet Meme's? No, Too Mainstream.
I upvoted it  before it made the front page
I liked the Hills Road Meme Page on monday night
I love mainstream 'cuz hate mainstream is to mainstream
My e-mail provider is a homing pigeon
Vinyl is too mainstream i listen to 4 track instead
You went to berlin? east or west?
Odysseus? oh, you mean Ulysses 
You know what is similar between a cat and a kid from Delbarton? There Both Pussys
knew about brevik applied before the spam
You saw zanna? I saw happy svetlana on the farm collective.
Ipod? excuse me while i get out my walkman
it's called social justice you've probably never heard of it
Holden Caulfield is my hero!
Theta Tau? Oh, you mean The Society of Hammer and Tongs
Ok let's meet there I have no cellphone
I'm just making this meme to piss people off Meow
Announcing your first post on Reddit is so mainstream
a meme i made reached the front page time to delete it
France? Oh, you mean Gaul
I liked radiohead when they were mainstream pop-rock
I was aware of Africa's perils before Kony 2012
I had lesbian sex before it was cool
I liked myself Before i was cool
I knew about Red Fang  Before mayhem was announced
i only listen to death cab when i work out.
Studying abroad in Azberjian next semester You've probably never heard of it
I saw this link on reddit before you posted it on Sals
Nevermind? I prefer Bleach
Chills across shoulders of owner Before he made it look cool
i liked the land before time before there were lands or times
Stevie Wonder? I knew him before he was blind
wore sweats everyday  Before the girls at E-town
Knew about the lyons den before it was a venue for benefit performances
I LIKED THE FORMAT BEFORE THEY WERE fun.
I was a hipster meme before it was cool
Finally Not mainstream anymore
i go to glendon you probably haven't heard of it
Aunque no me quieras lanzar un beso yo te quiero igual 
"I'm a photographer" Photoshops everything
I liked yo mama jokes before they sold out and went mainstream
I upvoted that Before it was on the front page
I liked liam neeson more than chuck norris before today
HEEIIN Never interrupt Namet's course
The Kony meme is wrapped up in a background of internet entitlement and self-importance, something we've already expressed our active hatred for. I think that's what it comes down to Meanwhile the memes we like are weird, off-kilter, anti-humorous, or oth
Paris? a city of the Versailles' suburb
'Sup? No thanks.  I already ate.
i didn't like apple before the jobs bashing began
Thought fingers looked like my dick before it was cool
I liked battle royale before it was the hunger games
Fred Armisen Has Gotten More Comment Karma in 3hrs than I have in my whole reddit career? But I was collecting Karma before it was cool!!1!
I was failing classes before the UW meme page was created
i liked gags  before they were kinky  
I liked dubstep before it had a drop
I WAS MAD AT OBAMA BECAUSE OF NASA WHEN HE RELEASED THE BUDGET
University has to be recognized by the US Department of Education? Just the government trying to monopolize knowledge.
Do I listen to Phish? I'd rather lance a hemorrhoid with a hot coat hanger 
I celebrated Martin Luther King day Before he was assassinated
I had to explain what SOPA was  to every kid in my school today.
Said Happy  Birthday Before it was cool
Minecraft? Blocks are so mainstream
I love Butcher of Baghdad! The song not the dictator.
my favourite d.j.? d.j. tanner
I watched breaking bad before it was cool
Steve Jobs resigns I kill myself
I was going to the gym Before it was a resolution
I liked Nate Ruess Before "We Are Young"
I like cheese  Like a baws
New glasses? More poon than you or your grandma can handle
You're alive? Being alive is too mainstream.
I knew the beatles When they were still larvae
Am I a hipster? Nah that's too mainstream
cats and dogs are too mainstream
I liked Cale Coduti before he was cool
The phrase "too mainstream?" Too orthodox 
Burnt my tongue on my coffee didn't wait til it was cool
You call yourself an architect? I used aircon before it was cool
I said "cool as butts" before it was cool as butts.
Evironmentalist Spraypaints entire rock
Chrome? I use opera.
MCLA You must mean North Adams State
I liked the book before the author wrote it
I played LoL before it was called league of legends
Knew about Joseph Kony before it was cool
Rode Pirates of the caribbean ride before the movie
cool ipod my Walkman is so much cooler
Polaroid? No I use an 1893 kodak.
my mom hired a foreign midwife  so indie
I liked frank zappa before he liked edgard varese.  (You probably never heard of either of them before.)
I wore a powdered wig before the entire band did on spongebob
Pressing 'A' is too mainstream pushes 'start' button
BEST KETO SNACK EVER  Boar's Head Gouda Cheese 
hipster shower:  noone else is gonna be there
I liked the Shsu football team before they kicked everyone's ass
I was a hipster before it was cool
I dressed like a hipster Before it was cool
you like dubstep? I bet you never even heard of monstercat
Live in hilly area Ride a fixie
I listened to Avenged Sevenfold Before everyone else
i knew about hurricane irene before it went gulf stream
I down voted the english before it was cool
I don't give a fuhc giving a fuck is too mainstream
BRETT WHEATLEY IS A FAGGOT NIGGER
Needs a new scarf and a pair of mittens Knits them
upvoted when it was on /r/new
Facebook? oh, you mean thefacebook.com
Indie 500? Ya I've seen them live a couple times
THREADLESS? TOO MAINSTREAM
I love Joy Division thinks unknown pleasures is a porno
SOUTH CAMPUS
I liked Panda I and II before PANDA III became popular
I cite my sources in APA format
I liked MLP before IT GOT POPULAR
Uses slashdot Reddit too mainstream
eat organic food for health smoke to look cool
how did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee before it was cool
Picasso? oh, you mean Pablo Diego José Francisco de Paula Juan Nepomuceno María de los Remedios Cipriano de la Santísima Trinidad Ruiz y Picasso
I have a pet mole it's pretty underground
I live in my parents' basement because it's so underground
Electabuzz? I liked Elekid before it evolved.
August Taylor? oh, you mean adamm Mount-Stevens
"The Poodley Makers?" oh, you mean Holy Ghost!
I watched Dance Underground When it was actually underground
I eat lucky charms for the cereal
nikki sixx? oh, you mean frank feranna.
I liked that post... Before it was on the front page
All m clothes are from urban outfitters but it's just to be ironic i hate that store
travels by boat doesn't take the main stream
I Boycotted GoDADDY BEFORE SOPA
oh, so you like QMUL Memes now? you do know that started over 16 hours ago right?
All my reposted memes on Facebook are from 4chan
the only way to get my jeans skinny enough is to have them tattooed on
Sonoma State Seawolves? YOu Mean Sonoma State Cossacks
Sunglasses?  Who needs 'em I can use my hair
a hybrid?  too mainstream. i ride a thoroughbred.
biology major? so mainstream
Reads Infinite Jest I'm so postmodern
Welsh Hall? Oh, you mean The T
SHOP-BOUGHT BIRTHDAY CARDS? TOO MAINSTREAM
The tigers in 2006 Things have changed since
I enjoy cheeseburgers for the bun
I made some muffins, so I ate them before they were cool
not a mainstream meme anymore likes it that way
WINNING ANYTHING IS SO MAINSTREAM
i knew about the 16 trillion in secret bailouts before it was cool
Wears slippers Swaers they're moccasins
LISTENS TO COUNTRY MUSIC HIPSTER NO MORE
We had Katy Perry before she was cool
The Pixies? oh, you mean Pixies? Their older stuff was better.
Justin Bieber? I like him
U.N.? I prefer the League of Nations
what's your favorite pauly shore film?
Best Guns n Roses album? Chinese Democracy
( state real life issue ) ( insert indifferent insane comment )
Dubstep? I liked it about 2 summers ago, now it all sounds the same.
Uses straight razor to shave hacks his face off
Singing "Up You Men" is so mainstream I sing "Stand Together" so I'm obviously better than you.  Wilco's amazing.
"i'm not really a hipster" total hipster
vietnam? you probably weren't there.
Became an environmentalist two weeks ago everyone is so unenlightened 
I knew about college meme pages Before binghamton memes
kony 2006
Elliott Smith? No, i listen to heatmiser
MY FAVORITE BEATLE? STU SUTCLIFFE
go to underground concert you guys have an LP?
"i never give in to current trends..." trendy as fuck
Uncle gives you $300 for new xbox 360 buy a ps2 instead
Blu-ray? I only watch HD DVD
Memes? I knew about them before the internet. 
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb? It's an obscure number, you probably haven't heard of it
Afrikaans? I liked it when it was Dutch.
Pinterest? Oh, you mean Reddit
I bought army pants and flip-flops before they were cool
Macbook air? OMG I bought a comodore 64 - way better 
Earthquake in Virginia I liked it when it was still underground
I used the revolving doors  before they were energy efficient
I used ice before it was cool it was just ice trays full of water
Knew about memes before they were on facebook
Shops at Urban Outfitters tells people "Yo ! I'm beber, Beber Fever" 
Oh, you finished your thesis? I finished mine last year.
hating the new facebook is so mainstream but liking new things goes against my nature
I liked Kpop before it was cool
gamecube?  no, i play genesis.
Be careful with that couch it's vinyl
Listening to U2 Disable Last.fm
Biscuits? No, I make Scones.
Hot tub party on top of Rood Never heard of it? Not surprised.
Valentine's day? Too mainstream. happy 2nd day of lupercalia.
when i started programming.. we only had 0
I was an atheist before god didn't exist
Facebook? no, i use Google+
I liked Imogen Heap Before the remix
Likes John Mayer "though only the blues stuff
I do duck face ironically
Little blue "e" shortcut missing from desktop (Call ISP) "My internet was uninstalled!!"
knows what intubated means watches house
I liked tim Berg Before he was Avicii
collect records no record player
Marilyn manson? you mean brian hugh warner.
I go to east because watching animal planet is too mainstream
I was against genocide before Kony2012 
i liked black swan  when it was gray duckling
Napoleonic Wars? Oh, you mean the new MM.
I hated Markus Lanz before wetten dass
Dvds? i only own vhs. It's like vinyl for your eyes
loved bill boggs before he won two grammys
when i started programming we only had zeros
I only like carrots when they're underground.
I like a meme called "advice dog" You've probably never heard of him
Makes reference nobody understands obviously, it means I'm superior
liked modest mouse before it was a band
hates pictures of skinny hipster chicks too mainstream
knew i was cute before my owner posted my pics
I stopped liking UCL memes before it was even cool
I saw dance underground when it was still fresh dance
I horded Cavebolckers Before they were caveblockers
Columbus Day? oh, you mean genocidal european colonialist day.
12 Days? I was there before i even got into BCM #12 days
 Yeah, I go to Loyola
i went to the ost on the weekends before the bars were shut down
little red riding hood? where did you go?
Lolcats? too mainstream
Have a Joyous Anniversary of Birth "Happy Birthday" is just too mainstream.
I saw the masturbation sign before it was  online
I was a Nerd before The Big Bang Theory
I totally dig the 70's the 1870's
I only play GOG games by obscure publishers you've never heard of.
breathing is so mainstream so i got a tracheotomy
Modest Mouse? Oh, you mean Ugly casanova's side project
I took an arrow to the knee Back when Uriel Septim was Emperor
I liked AP Gov before it was a class
You caught the common cold? You're so mainstream
I linked to that article before it was on kottke
My name is soul taker and i have a band and Its called Dr. Death and the cronicles of colorado
listened to djent when it was called meshuggah
i have a animated hoodie but i have real glasses
he was dead before he knew it trust me
Hipsters be like I liked odd future Before they were Odd
I'll believe statistics in fb status updates the day I wake up with a 10-inch dick.
I knew magnar before they ran for  co-president
Can i get a caramel salted hot chocolate? its really obscure you've probably never heard of it
glasses? no, i wear spectacles
lord of the rings? oh, you mean beowulf
I was trying to be mainstream before it was cool to be mainstream
I never check out 9GAG's Hot page too mainstream
Liked Meme's before they were cool then people used them wrong
Jazz? I like mine ethiopian, you've probably never heard of it
I was listening to that band before they played finals fest.
I liked Ed Sheeran Before he used Vo5 wax for his ginger hair
 #tcw
liked playing with balls be for the dog did
Tumblr had memes before it was cool
I'm wearing this hood to hide my shame because mac raped me
i only go in feline pine you've probably never heard of it
I prefer Adam Sandler in films he didn't write He's much smarter than his movies
WMU had a meme page Before it was cool.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO Before it was birthday
Yes, there are 18 feral cats on campus But please don't do this to them
Saying Happy Birthday on your birthday Is too mainstream
Feminists are 'violently transphobic' Saying women and trans women sometimes need different services just like wanting to bomb people
I don't mind that you stalk my Pinterest I know you just want my pussy
not one of the memes brought back perfect
My mom said it's ok to talk to lesbians  because they take good care of their cats & have a can-do attitude 
I only buy local organic produce has burgerking wrappers in trash
Buddy Holly Glasses? Too main stream.
I liked shinedown  before sound of madness came out
I drank my soup before it was cool
I LOVE bIG mAC'S!!!!! BEFORE i EAT ONE IT'S UNDERCOVER TIME :D
Steve Jobs is dead You didn't know?
my name is jack and Short hair is too mainstream I prefer it in waves
Spicy Tuna roll? i eat chunk light in a can
Saw on Facebook before Reddit
PBr became too mainstream Now I drink schlitz 
human hipster memes? bitch, please
I can haz blog post? Dangling participles are my favorite toys.
hot a urolds handy muas memes am computer mochn
I go back into myspace before people got back on myspace
I drank the water before it was mainstream
I'm doing my note On a typewriter
I was calling people hipster before it was mainstream
I liked dubstep when it still had drums and was called drum and bass.
I bought a lottery ticket When it was only worth $175,000,000.
the vote page, home of the tickld hipsters they see the new posts before they were cool. i mean hot!
counterculture to the counterculture: hipster renaissance
A joke? You wouldn't get it
the royal family? no, i'm named after gene hackman
Defining characteristics of Mac hipster vegan, cuffed skinny jeans made of hemp, army jacket, activist, and showers every other tuesday
I Was a Cuddlah before it was mainstream
i only buy local organic produce has Burgerking wrapper in garbage can Caption 3 goes here
Arcade Fire? Liked them before they existed
QUICKMEME STOPPED FEATURING NEW MEMES... MEMES BECAME TOO MAINSTREAM
i pelqente sexi para pubertetit
you call that catnip? mine is medicinal from california
I hung out in the Communications Facility on the Weekends before it was finals week
I knew Sign language before it was cool
I only use dead memes Because they're underground 
Engineer? Oh, you mean space jockey
Hashtag? You mean an octothorpe?
I study for exams weeks in advance Studying last minute is far too mainstream Caption 3 goes here
Our college was green before it was even cool to recycle
I WAS RETRO before RETRO WAS RETRO
i think i need to stop trying to look pretty im getting too old
i used to smoke weed back when it was legal
how many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? pfffffft,  you don't know?!
I was a conformist Before it was mainstream
Used the other side of the pillow before it was cool
"I live in a vintage apartment building with an obscure artistic community, you've probably never heard of it" lives in melvin
I played WFTO Before it was popular
i was into nerdcore before mc frontalot
I liked Go before the Economist wrote about it
I was into hipster kitty before it was a meme
Hot topic? Not even
Gears of War 3? Nope, I play Unreal Warfare
Buys $700 Bike Carries it on Shoulder
Gets tattoo that no one understand success
Nope Even I didn't like Nickelback before they sold out
kony 2007
I liked the harlem shake   before gangnam was done being the "big thing"
boe je schrikt nu wel he?!
i drank coffee before it was cool ...it burnt my tongue
music? i liked it better when it had a melody
my favorite film is "Journey to the center of the earth" sooo underground
Real hipsters don't call themselves hipsters. They prefer "registered Democrats who vote Independent."
I supported gay marriage when New York was still New Amsterdam. Still not too hip to vote in 2012.
You haven't heard of the dwarves? Probably because they're so underground.
I used to like that star wars meme before it was mainstream
Knew about Joseph Koney and the Ugandan Children Before ever seeing it on Facebook
i donated to opticraft before the donation rewards
I was broke before everyone else
i won at dig dug before he even went underground
PUSSY REVOLUTION  
Has a bar crawl All weirdo bars
Halo? oh, you mean Power rangers
Dinosaur Jr.? I prefer dinosaur sr.
I "liked" University of Wisconsin Memes before it had 200 likes on facebook
I saw that link before it got on the front page
I liked memes before memes were memes
I liked drinking Hot soup Before it was cool 
Adding the extra 'y' at the end of the word 'hey' is so Mainstream
my favourite music genre is "quiet storm"
I liked Reed grimm before he was on american idol
Hipster Status before hipsters had statuses
I knew Need For Speed When it was just a desire for quickness.
i liked the grumpy cat before it was grumpy
i was a hipster kitty before i was hipster kitty
You put me in glasses I still won't go out with you Paul
Rage about the Red Wedding episode ? Wait until you see the last one of this season
started studying take good note
lorem ipsum? no.  hipster kitty only uses hipster ipsum
writing for ynet? too mainstream
Don't post links to my wall i Already saw it on reddit.
Facebook posts about Sopa/Pipa? So two weeks ago
Listened to dubstep before henley ruined it
Student Center South? Oh, you mean chow
only buy clothes from thrift store $1000 macbook.
i saw him speeding before he got pulled over
I liked Kony before it was cool
knew about kony before it was all over facebook
I only read self-published textbooks. Their research? You've probably never heard of it.
Being Mainstream is so..... Mainstream
BUY CLOTHING FROM VALUE VILLAGE PREY IT DIDN'T PREVIOUSLY BELONG TO UGLY PERSON
pandora? i only listen to last.fm
I wore Chuck Taylors Before Chuck Taylor did.
 doesn't take picture in mirror
I bought a longboard so that hot guys will think im hip
I was the hipster meme  before hipster barista
How old am I? some obscure number you havent heard of
Fake glasses? Fake Wheelchairs.
sees post that has more than 20 upvotes downvotes
tree falls in forest too mainstream
I'm not a hipster I'm an Audiophile.
I hated justin bieber when he was only on youtube
I knew the world would not end before December 22nd 
Tegan and Sara fan in HIGH SCHOOL
WANNA MEET UP FOR COFFEE SOON LIKE COOL CATS DO?
ANTI-MAINSTREAM? THAT'S TOO MAINSTREAM
Memes were cool now that pretentious bitches got a hold of them, i no  longer ROFL at them
I had hip surgery last week... it's a really new procedure, you've probably never heard of it.
i used to go to cass cafe until they accepted OneCards
I liked "Somebody That I Used To Know" When It Was An Elliott Smith Song
i started listening to rebecca black on thursday
i knew about friday on wednesday.
society of the spectacle? you probably haven't heard of my alienation
Ice cream? I only eat gelato.
Twin Towers? I prefer Tower One's solo career
noite de ano novo... Feliz 2013
I was into Vecinos Before it was Rinnova
My Email address is at DARPA.MIL
i seen the first chuck testa post before it was a hugely popular meme
I'm in a band. I play laptop.
I liked uo memes in the first hour
Hates mainstream music Gets a radio show and fills it with his music
Heard Grouplove on the radio deleted all of their music immediately after 
Call of duty?  Too mainstream I play battlefield
We liked Koren Music and XXX fan fiction books before it was cool
Chemistry Final Exam? Oh, you must mean an alchemy practicum
I used ubuntu 12.04 before it was released
Top deals tab? Way too mainstream I only hang out in the popflo tab, I doubt you've heard of it
i liked blackberrys before  bbm
They're not memes they're image macros. 
Makes you cookies With rasins instead of chocolate
Facebook Status about Bin Laden getting killed Too Mainstream
Wolfgang Ammadeus Mozart oh you mean Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart
Words with friends is too mainstream I play Phrases with acquaintances 
ping pong? oh, you mean table tennis
I used this meme before it was on the front page
Oxford student : "what college you at?" me: "the imperial college. It's based in london, you probably wouldn't have heard of it."
I ate cookies before it was time
I knew the days of the week before Rebecca Black
let's identify with the plight of minorities it'll be something to do
Avicii - Levels ? Oh, you mean  Tim Berg - ID
All the memes I repost on Facebook are from 4chan
Gets Lung Cancer From Second-hand Smoke
No lenses in my glasses. no wheels on my chair.
small town cats don't understand the big city has alleys
"Avatar" was a disappointing movie I hate it when the bad guys win
Has dozens of sites bookmarked Only visits three of them
changed profile pic to gilad shalit before he was captured
i don't repost i reminisce
I liked Kate Upton Before SI
Used KOny and Uganda spec Before the youtube documentary
I knew about KONY  before he was popular
facebook? no, thefacebook.
James LaBrie? Oh, you mean Kevin James LaBrie
I liked the internet before it was censored into a drastically different experience
Draw Something? I still play Inklink
I'm not a hipster Because being a hipster nowadays is too mainstream
I killed jews  before the holocaust
I am Thomas I am also a granny cat
AJAX? I only used it when it was underground.
People rarely streak in public anymore. I'm totally up for that!
I like Steven Seagal  for his music
halo 2 oh did you mean pretty hate machine?
Hydrogen? Iodine? Phosphorus? I liked them before they were hip.
I made fun of hipsters before it was mainstream.
have I seen Walking Dead? I read the Graphic novel
I wore owl accessories before they were cool.
I was hipster  before i came to allegheny
i only drink at the black oak
I quit playing Mechwarrior Online before the game was even released
radio killed the gramophone star Caption 3 goes here
My favorite layer of the earth is the mantle But Underground puns are too mainstream now 
Wears jorts like a boss
I'll wish you a happy birthday Before it becomes cool
Facebook was to... ...mainstream
I was trading VXX before CNBC was talking about it
Memes everywhere. "Oh wow, it's like I'm back in 2007."
Andy Warhol is too mainstream  I onl I only look at fecal scultpures made by New guinean Pygmies
god?  no, i believe in science
this is the most humble day of my life
Steve Jobs Dies buy an ipod next day  LOVE YOU JENNY
Occupy wall street is too mainstream unoccupies
shops at most expensive store in mall buys clothes that make him look poor
i had before black man BF he loved eat a peenuts he is very oily man looking as a sticky   and he wanted to many kissing and smell bad how can i do i stoped a breath and close eyes its not joke he is not thinking he dont have smell  that is bad too. i don
I read The Fountainhead ...For the architecture
I liked that band when they came for B-Sides But now they are playing in Brubaker
I liked the Short North before it was short
fixed gear good enough for B&B?
Knew about Tristam before he was with Monstercat
Rides Razor Scooter Because longboards and beachcruisers are too mainstream
Rembrandt Its not just a tooth flavor BUT ART
Oshtoby Loves Cock before the 80's
The Nile? That's too mainstream.
that awkward moment when you realize Being hipster is too mainstream
Words? I speak in colors
I was dubstep Before there was dubstep
Which Bible Translation? Hawai'i Pidgin of course
I like jaques cousteau beacause he's so underwater and underground
Wears I <3 NY tshirt Never been
yes im a hipster but ironically
KNOW SHIT BEFORE IT WAS STOOL
feeling bad? check your scary egg and feel worse!
2012? Oh, you mean 4.54 billion years SC.
Advance Towards Me Brethren!
playing guitar is too mainstream use tissue box with yarn taped on it
I was an atheist before all the religions bandwagoned
I hated the lannisters Before it was cool to hate the Lannisters
hipster kitteh not hip enough googles "transgender"
halloween? You mean All Hallows Eve?
 Please be on time
Made memes before they were cool
i did't like apple before the jobs bashing began
I liked trains before asdfmovie
surikata ki? no, no escucho mas. re mainstream ahora
I don't have my university degree but i have a Polaroid of it.
I liked the arcade fire before the fire
I use the Alaska Manual of Style You've probably never heard of it
I liked modest mouse Before blue cadet-3, do you connect 
skydiving? i prefer skytumbling.
Winnie the Pooh? Oh, you mean edward bear
Organic civil disobedience pees on your bed
I used litter boxes When I was still feral
I had arrows in my knee Before Skyrim
I liked the LA Angels of Anaheim back when they were the CA Angels
I liked Jeremy Lin When he was still a warrior
I liked Durrell before pizza night
I went to Crean Lutheran  when it was Lutheran South High School
Thought Kony was cool Before he was famous
supported invisible children while they were still invisible
Pawn Stars? Only when Chumlee is working.
I was making memmes before they were on facebook
Insanity care bear? oh you mean insanity wolf
I had a mac before steve jobs was underground
i was a hipster before hipsters were hip
Barefoot Walks on Pavement
Plays cello dislikes holst's jupiter
I liked leggos before chris brown.
put beer in freezer still drink it before its cool
Voltron? Not  familiar with that anime I watch Go-Lion
Myanmar? Oh, you mean Burma
No longer a mainstream meme, you say? Yeah, I noticed that months ago.
"I don't listen to bands that have wikipedia pages"
I was the original Hipster meme not that barista 
I played on TRON before the movie came out
I listen to electronic music on vinyl because it's more authentic.  The "soul" of the track is lost when you convert electronic music to digital format.
I've worked for years to develop a wierd mistique that attracts lonely,  socially awkward men. After I eat them, I stack their bones in my basement
I had Alienware Before stream only supported alienware.
Your tumbler account probably only has one follower
Starcraft is too mainstream that's why i play halo wars 
I was cool before hipster barista
sitting outside the art museum at night is too mainstream sits there during the day
I really need to study abroad I've only been to 5 of the continents
I hated bon iver before they won at the grammys
I Posted the KONY 2012 video before it was popular First to post about visiblechildren.tumblr.com
Tells everyone they should listen to dubstep Hates everyone for listening to dubstep.
hola manita tqm como te va en mexico
Worldly possessions? all you need is love... and a bike from the 80's
It's Friday We we we so excited
soy based diet lost ability to purr
LOCAL BREWERY? i only drink beer i brewed myself 
Have you heard Justin Bieber?  No, who's he?
I was a Christian before Jesus Christ was born
write oppressive lyrics on macbook pro
I was against sopa before it was cool
I was a hipster before being a hipster was cool
Brings the Maid's car to CC 3 series BMW
Knew what a meme was before Ball State Memes page existed
Best new artist my asshole.  Justin Vernon has been making sentimental music for years, it just happens to be popular now.
I was busy accessorizing and forgot to donate on #GivingTuesday. What? I can still donate? Awesome! www.dollarpermonth.org/signup
New glasses? More poon than you or your grandma can handle
the sound of one hand clapping? i doubt you've heard it
I speak fluent Latin Caption 3 goes here
I used to rock climb before it was indoors
Brendan McManus? oh! you mean Brendan Cornish
THIS house believes in everything ironically
apple is too mainstream going back to my zune
Can't stop talking about their favorite Indie band Gets pissed off when they get featured on TV
i'd rather drink bleach  than listen to dave mathews band. 
ITS NOT COOL TO JUST DRINK A LATTE LETS MAKE ART OUT OF THEM
Abraham and Sarah? oh, you mean Abram and Sarai
I was a fan of "Moby Dick" back when it was called "The Whale".
I liked university of exeter memes before they made cambridge memes
Edguy you've probably never heard of them
i hated DSBM  before it was cool
Using templates? Too mainstream
My favorite meme? Hasn't been on the front page in weeks
"You've never been to the strutt?" Loses all respect for you
I Tweeted #ghenyproblems Before joe d. made it popular
I liked deep house before it was deep
Animated memes? oh, you mean gifs
Anu Lohchab khisyani billi khamba noche
Sephiroth? I prefer Cloud of Darkess.
I liked Louis CK before Reddit thought  he was cool
I played minecraft before it became mainstream back then it was called lego
I hated hipsters Before it was cool
FOOD ON JEANS INDIVIDUALISATION
ANSWERING ON FACEBOOK IS WAY TOO MAINSTREAM TRY GOOGLE PLUS 
Mi apellido no es Kaon Mi netbook se llama asi porque todos mis gadgets tienen nombre de particulas subatomicas
I was against SOPA before the Jan. 18th blackouts
Truman State? I went there when it was Northeast Missouri State
I published in Tet. Lett. when it was still a good journal
let's pretend to be young and poor we can always fall back on our trust funds
Friday? listened before it was Glee-cool
i was using roman numerals before they were roman
Dollars? I pay with Gibraltar pounds
I'd do more memes but you wouldn't get the jokes anyway
I liked Ratatat Before Sean Clark
I ware sweaters in July Way before it's cool
i liked skrillex when he was still just sonny moore
My favorite cereal is granula
I watched dragon ball z in Japanese Before it was cool
I don't read comic books They're graphic novels, idiot
I was on Facebook Before it was on tv
I knew about Joseph Kony  Before he was cool 
I read hunger games Before it was cool 
i started speaking japanese before it was kawaii
No longer a popular meme finally!
i finger fuck myself in front of other hipsters as a form of weird hipster expression
Facebook opened to everyone delete account
I liked black people before they were given rights
i summer at carlsbad caverns are so underground
I like somethings ironically I hate everything moronically
Played "lying down game" Thinks planking is just a dumb fad
I liked the patriots before they knocked tebow out of the playoffs
Making Sense is SOOOO Taco
I liked the song before it was sampled 
I worshipped jesus before he was my gardener
GUISE YOU GUISE ARE SUCH MEME NOOBS
I used wolfram when it was still in alpha
Skrlllex? Do you mean Sonny Moore?
Whole entire Star Wars Saga returning to the big screen and in 3D? No thanx i have my 20 year old vhs tapes i found for one dollar at the goodwill, fight the power man... 
I lived in Portland  when it was still on the east coast
Strippers? They were cooler when their clothes were on
I'm not a hipster I prefer not to associate with labels 
I'VE BEEN TO THAT APPLE STORE BEFORE IT WAS ROBBED
Arcade fire? super mainstream, pa-so
WHy can't everyone just love each other. share the love guyz. 
touchscreen computers are all the rage now? I was using touchscreen computers before they invented the mouse
I liked tebow when he played for florida
The Dav? I hang out in EQB.
I knew about the LRA Before it was cool
My ballot had only 1 choice for apda president 2 years ago
I Watched LOuie Before it was cool on reddit
Twin Towers? were well cool before bush demolished them 
counterculture to the counterculture to the counterculture: hipster renaissance
I hated hipsters before everyone else did
Freddie Mercury? Oh, you mean Farrokh Bulsara.
fb relationships are... just so mainstream
Uses only one caption 
Prawko zdane za pierwszym razem
 uses rosart crayons
i liked this creek before it was mein stream
Liked the universe before it was cool
Turkey? oh,you mean the ottoman empire
I found out the internet hated comic sans and Started using it
Drink at jane Bonds order two jager bombs and a double rye and coke
Friday? Sorry, I listen to Thursday
I made fun of hipsters before it was cool.
I was Before Time
dubstep you mean drum and bass
I knew what a meme was Before it went viral on campus
Sees artist they like rising in r/music DOWNVOTE
guys  i dropped acid all summer I know what im talking about
The Hobbit? Oh, you mean "There and Back Again"
ANDY WARHOL? WE USED TO BE FRIENDS
i used to wear that brand before pac sun started carrying it
You count sleep in hours? I count in REM cycles.
I liked Mountain Dew Voltage When it was Pepsi Blue
memes are too mianstream i only make stupids comics to post on facebook
I POSTED IN TMB MEME THREAD BEFORE THE LAWYER DOG CRAZE
Stumbles upon US slang = cool
I was making memes Before there was a captionater 
cats eye glasses how ironic ( actually, it's redundant )
Starcraft is too advanced for me that's why i play halo wars 
Complains about 11/11/11 Gets married on 9/10/11
i played warhammer before space marines
I liked this page before it was ruined.
i went to stockton before we had a campus center
I knew Ephixa Before Zeldastep
Played Temple Run Before it came to Android
I read Medaka Box Before it became serialized
My Arts degree better be printed in helvetica.
i was humble before it became a virtue
Arcade Fire? I liked them when they were the cowbell player's side project 
Curves!? What curves? I prefer it straight!
abrellbama says: It is time to turn those LSU Tigers into pussycats.
google+? I still use my xanga 
i was in #ops before the raxspace move
remember 9/11? too mainstream. today i'm mourning the victims of pearl harbor
you saw the fast and the furious 5? thats cool... the book was better
scott pilgrim vs. the world: the movie the comics are so much better
I graduated from brown class of 1780
I knew about Kony Before he was famous
I knew about Kony before it was cool
Joined a credit union before it was cool.
YOLO? oh, you mean leeeeeroy jeeeeeenkins
likes mainstream because hating mainstream, is too mainstream
Jag gillade 11/11/11 Pa 1100-talet
Atheist because i hate conformed religion  on reddit because i love the conformed atheism 
I liked the Beacon before the sex scandal 
Bought from Pinky's when Sam Ran it
I knew that meme before it was on the front page of reddit
Voldemort? Oh, you mean tom riddle
RUINED THE SOLDER JOIN TOUCHED IT BEFORE IT WAS COOL
I like my music in a vacuum you've probably never heard it
Go to coffee shop. they're playing animal collective Never play them again.
i drink from the toilet water bowls are too mainstream
Angry birds? oh you mean crush the castle 
