Watches porn in the front row of class
posts on /r/spacedicks gets banned
girlfriend is reconnecting with ex fuck him first      establish dominance
Does the cinnamon challenge With Cocaine
runs into ex and her new boyfriend puts car in reverse and hits them again
live in northern alaska pull all-nighter
GETS HORNY SHOVES CELL PHONE UP ASS
Baby on board sign? Target acquired 
FEEL BABY KICKING KICK IT BACK
I DROWNED A HIPSTER IN A TRIBUTARY IT WASN'T MAINSTREAM
Lean in close and whisper in her ear "Who would stop me?"
Get road head Only one in car
Dick in a box birthday present ups delivered
We gon' party like It's yo birthday Naked. Screaming.  Covered in your  mom's bodily fluids
Listens to audiobook on shuffle
found a bear trap tea bag it
water down brandy with rum
Murder wife amazing makeup sex 
Gets road head Takes Speed Bumps at Full Speed
someone hates you for no reason? give that motherfucker a reason
Pick fight With liam neeson
LINEAR ALGEBRA FINAL Only brings a pen
airplane has wifi? watch videos of plane crashes
Sits in front row of lecture hall clicks on nsfw links
Girlfriend suggests you spice up the love life? put tabasco on the condom when shes not looking
Post a conservative opinion on reddit
irons out the wrinkles in scrotum
Dress up like a little girl rape pedobear
Studies at Library masturbates anyway
every upvote i get I'll burn a charity  
Hey I just bit you... and now you're crazy because I'm infected... and gave you rabies
Best cure for a headache? decapitation
Plays paintball Use knife to conserve ammo
my friend said onions were the only food that made you cry  so i made him eat his children
Helps old woman cross street With front bumper
You have a rape whistle? Background Music
Parent asks what 'fapping' means demonstrate
feed the homeless to the homeless
Get a blowjob From a leatherback Sea Turtle
Does Calculus Homework In pen
go to strip club with a bag of quarters make it hail
Drive thru restaurant  killed 20 
get road head only one in car
GO TO BEST BUY ON BLACK FRIDAY JUST TO BROWSE
Ran into an ex girlfriend At full speed
sees depressed people on valentines day mercy kill
You call it kidnapping i call it surprise adoption
makes front page using comic sans
Step in shower turn shower on
Bare foot in the fucking lego factory
girlfriend is reconnecting with ex fuck him first      establish dominance
found a beehive free pinata 
Girlfriend says she doesn't want anything for anniversary doesn't get her anything
When life gives you lemons fuck it in the ass and give it LEMON-AIDS
Ran into ex Put the car in reverse and hit her again
ate a nature valley bar in bed
My family is a treasure you need a map and a shovel to find them
First Spin on "Wheel of Fortune" Give me an "X"
what's the warmest organ in a dead girls body? my dick
register for christianmingle.com email customer service about lack of "man seeking man" option
do math homework in pen
Puts pen in pocket Without pen cap
Take a bomb to the airport april fools
goes to aggressive porn site "share on facebook"
gets to pick game for family game night saw
Safe word? Harder.
lights molotov cocktail drinks it
Killed a hipster and threw him in a river who's mainstream now
has period wears white dress on first date with hot guy
Donate blood all of it
Plays paintball uses knife to save ammo
Read the bible in its entirety Still a firm believer
shows up for work despite diarrhea zumba instructor
Hear rape whistle Room for a third?
writes autobiography kills himself off
witness petty theft ESCALATE TO HOMICIDE
opens laptop in lecture continues masturbating
$0.10 per upvote to al-qaeda  
kid throws eggs at your house fresh meat to go with your eggs
gives house warming present burns down house  
The snack that smiles back CHILDREN
Burn hand while cooking Finish cooking hand
cut a habanero pepper fapped without washing hands
Wife asks if she's fat "yes"
"The more you shave the more it grows" Can't wait for my new dick!
Get to the front page in the wrong subreddit
creeper asks girlfriend for nude pics send him one of your junk
sit in front row during lecture watch porn
DOES THE WORM WITH A BONER
Place toothpick under toenail kick wall
Parent asks what 'fapping' means demonstrate
Her water just broke? Lubrication
Put toothpick under big toenail Kick wall
Gets banned from R/spacedicks 
Knows brothers are on reddit Posts to Gonewild anyway
Fucks sister Does AMA
I enjoy my coffee the same way I enjoy my women Anally
save the children for later
Dress up like a little girl rape pedobear
If you suspect that someone is following your car GUN IT IN REVERSE!
Just to piss off fundies Let's change "coming out" to "being born again"
chair squeaks farts to prove it wasn't a chair squeak
ban pornography legalize rape
Put on clothes Iron them
run for office tell the truth
Casually mentions about being a drug user To the president of the united states
take sleeping pill wash down with redbull, let the battle begin
enter shower turn on water 
Accidentally Bite tongue Chew and swallow
WIFE COMPLAINS ABOUT LACK OF SEX BOOKS HER ON A FLIGHT TO INDIA
Whats the warmest organ in a dead females body? MY DICK
Run into ex and her new boyfriend put car in reverse and hit them again
LIGHTS MOLOTOV COCKTAIL dRINKS IT
Doesn't have a deformity cuts off own toes
Twins born two minutes apart kill the repost
needs tonsils removed deepthroats cactus
Runs into ex and her new boyfriend puts car in reverse and hits them again
COOKING BACON NAKED
Goes to porn site Clicks +1, Like, and tweet
 calls ea origin support
Takes a shit with the bathroom door open Has company over
Watch porn video Hit share button
Gives road head Is the driver
Fuck an ugly girl Make your ex girlfriend feel self-conscious
Take a trip to the Virgin Islands Rape Them
Listens to Audiobook CD on Shuffle
New garbage disposal? You mean new fleshlight
Adopt blind child rearrange furniture daily
Invites you over to play  games saw
fills out job application  only tells the truth
I'll help get your cat out of the engine... Floor it!
Runs into ex and her new boyfriend puts car in reverse and hits them again
RUN FOR OFFICE Tell the truth
Forgot to close porn before opening laptop in class Pick up where you left off
I like my women like i like my coffee ground up and in the freezer
I'll huff and I'll puff and then I'll fuck you in the ass
It's not rape It's strangers with benefits
staring contest with the sun
Uses icy hot for lube
licks his own elbow by ripping his arm off
Preaches  Christianity ON REDDIT
"Vital" Organs? Myth Confirmed
The snack that smiles back Children
I like my women how I like my pizza Cut into pieces and shoved in a box
"the snack that smiles back" children
Passenger next to you on plane dies Join mile high club!
runs marathon with legos glued to feet
watches redtube Thumbs Up on facebook link
Walks up to pro-life fundie holding poster of aborted fetus "May I have a menu for your restaurant?"
Called the Rape help line today unfortunately, it's only for victims.
New MacBook for Christmas $2,000 dildo
Buy Skyrim. Kill loot and pillage. Then play Skyrim. 
staring contest with the sun
Legendary Pokemon?! KILL FOR EXPERIENCE
need to lose weight start a crack-meth diet
Meets girl in forest  goes ahead of her to eat her grandmother then wears the dead woman's clothes and waits for girl
Driver gives to himself road head
Get married 
get cancer kill it with aids
abortion clinic free lunch
BUMP INTO STRANGER DON'T SAY SORRY
Has to poop in class Poops in class
find beehive in the woods fleshlight
files nails with chalkboard
Girlfriend offers head takes hers
Found first shiny killed it for the experience 
Get road head from driver
Insanity wolf doesn't like vegetables The wheelchairs get stuck in his teeth
Clicks on a NSFW post in the front row of class
Rape victim gets pregnant WIN CUSTODY BATTLE
Give up caffeine for the new year take up cocaine
gets knocked out of code s murders idra to get foreigner seed
goes in for first rape during kiss scene
puke on someone taking a shit punch him in the face
signs kids up for daycare at penn state
Baby on Board? Multi Kill
female professor assigns classic literature paper titles it "C LIT: The harder the better"
Balls itch use welding torch
drive-thru restaurant? DRIVE THROUGH restaurant
Fucks with the wu-tang clan
Catch all Pokemon Start New Game
See the decapitated heads of various animals listen to their advice
walk in on your parents having sex join them
realize in wrong class 5 minutes in stand up, kick over desk, "fuck this class" walk out
About twelve years ago, I had a professional level designer at a big studio mock me on a major game-development forum for posting about my team's upcoming project, because I'd posted that I needed programmers, modellers, level designers, sound, etc., and 
girlfriend says she doesn't want anything for her birthday don't get her anything
Visit /r/aww Post a dead cat
girlfriend is ignoring you PEE ON HER TO ESTABLISH DOMINANCE
Says fuck it actually does
 
When Life gives you lemons Fuck life in the ass and give it lemon-aids
Coffee scorches tongue CHug the rest
donate blood at the sperm bank
Asked girl for head Leaves with head
goes on masterchef cooks meth
Plays dodgeball With bowling balls
Plays Amnesia while home alone, in the dark, with his back to an open door, during a thunderstorm, with headphones on, and news that an escape convict is in the vicinity
Buys an Ounce Of Salvia 
I like my coffee like I like my women slow roasted
I put the fun in funeral
slide glass thermometer into penis slam penis in door
go to strip club with a bag of quarters and a slingshot
Child asks how babies are made give them a first hand experience
fuck sugar i sweeten my coffee with adderall
Wife complains about having wrinkles? iron them out
jizz on video game disc trade it back in to gamestop
Asks you if you're a cop Pulls a gun on you to make sure
Go to Jehovah witnesses house Preach atheism  
girlfriend tells you to kill spider eat it to gain its powers
Someone's using the laundry room at the same time? Take their laundry
She said she liked it rough so i taped sandpaper to my dick
Wife says don't worry about getting her a Christmas present Take her advice
Forgets to use bathroom before shower SHITS IN SHOWER
Tell girlfriend you're breaking up with her on april fools day mean it.
Get eaten by murder bunny kill him from inside
Feed the Homeless To a Wood Chipper
woke up too late for wake and bake mflb in back of lecture hall
Does the Worm With a Boner
Gets 20 in blackjack hits to get 21
WATCH PORN IN THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
No laptop battery for porn use family photos
lives in the middle east and still dependent on parents. comes out as an atheist to muslim family.
life gives you lemons rape life in the ass and give it lemon-aids
Mom walks in on you having sex Threesome
Friday the 13th Slice open black cat with broken mirror under a ladder
You call it kidnapping i call it surprise adoption
Pulls pin on grenade Posts to reddit
Doing 7 day challenge xvideos homepage
My family is a treasure you need a map and a shovel to find them
MASTURBATE AFTER SEX
Actually read the bible Believes every word 
GO to walmart on black friday pepper spray other shoppers
It's not rape It's strangers with benefits
Fool me once;  shame on me Fool me twice; I'll fucking kill your family
tell date we are going to watch romantic comedy to set the mood for the night put in human centipede
Stop rapist Rape them both
Boss ask why you're late Give the real reason
Family has Chinese baby hungry again in thirty minutes
parents in next room porn at full volume.
Mom walks into room to tell you goodnight, finds you having sex with girl Get up from bed with full erection and kiss her goodnight
Holy Infant SO tender and mild
set up a stand giving away free bacon in israel
no empty urinals? share  
 Uses Forks
Go to bloodbank make withdrawl
girlfriend is acting bitchy and annoying "are you on your period?"
Stick tongue into coke can spin can and yank
Facebook friend posts status about wanting to commit suicide Press like button
I don't rape bears often, but when i do it's grizzly
FIVE IN THE PINK FIVE IN THE STINK
make it to front page delete post
Plays cupid with a crossbow
person at the drive-thru window doesn't give you a straw use their trachea
I'm going to vote for rick perry
You are a vegetarian? I am a humanitarian
Goes on the internet at judge adams' house
take your kid to work day works at abortion clinic
found a beehive free fleshlight
i will make the indulgence of rome look like a five-year-old's hello kitty birthday party
Parents walk in during 5 second sex scene fap violently
buys a webcam so nsa can watch him masturbate
Test nuclear weapons in russia
Your men die with a clean blade? RAPE THEIR FUCKING CORPSEs!
BRUSH TEETH Drink Orange Juice
Sees pop-up ad clicks it
knowing is half the battle the other half is violence
tip? i'll give her the whole fucking thing
boss is standing behind you browse /nsfw
life gives you lemons give life aids
Needs a sitter Gets Casey Anthony
shows up 35 minutes late to a 50 minute class sits in front row
Solution to Global warming Nuclear winter
she said "get a life" so I took hers
Watch movie with parents fap to murder scene
start to skid on         icy road turn up the radio
GETS AIDS GIVES AIDS AIDS RAPES AIDS
play "the eternal war" as the sioux
cooking pasta in boiling water use hands to stir
Kidnap a bus full of children Tell them Santa isn't real
Celebrate negative pregnancy test With more unprotected sex
needs lube for sex starts paper cutting dick
YOU USE fake glasses to look cool? I'll use real glass to cut your eyes out.
roses are red, violets are blue i have a gun, get in the van
Hatches eggs by riding bike in desert resort
No Such thing as rape? let's see what your daughter thinks about this
feed starving children  to  a  cannibal 
How to turn a fruit into a vegtable AIDS
condemned to hell take over. storm heaven. Kill god. make the angels take turns sucking your cock.
Butterflies in your stomach? Digest them
expects woman to bite his dick off lets her blow him anyway 
Get accepted to harvard major in philosophy
Fuck the police with No condom
Girl says  stick it anywhere stick it in her mother
convince friend to smoke for first time loads salvia
Use meme correctly or i will use your skin incorrectly 
Punch girl in ovaries today  scrambled eggs
water fight in the summer goes and gets the kettle
Meet girl at grandmas' funeral kill grandpa to meet her again
listens to the dark side of the moon on shuffle
Starving children all over the world? Feed them to each other.  
Celebrate negative pregnancy test With more unprotected sex
let car sit in afternoon heat stick seat belt metal to balls
I like my women how i like my veins oxygen deprived
Goes to parties and Tells dead baby jokes While pregnant
Crash my car into a bridge and love it!
LUNG GETS PUNCTURED DEAL WITH IT TOMORROW, IT'S TIME TO JERK OFF
set dick on fire put it out with rape
i've been dating my martial arts instructor 's wife
SUbscribe to newsletter? YES
Child molester moves into neighborhood Free babysitter
Preaches the word of God On reddit
go to job interview.  "where do you see yourself in 5 years?" fucking you in the ass
Want to lose weight? Smoke meth
Friend pokes you on facebook uppercut them in the taint!
Rubbing Alcohol  On the rocks
break teeth on purpose titanium dentures, here i come
Scalding hot coffee for a friend "I'm going to dip my dick in it!"
girlfriend is reconnecting with ex fuck him first      establish dominance
Girl stands you up on a date You stand her up on a crucifix 
Entered in Meme contest rape my way to the top
Run for re-election use dick pics as campaign material
find beehive in the woods fleshlight
Meets wu tang clan Fucks with them
EV Trains HP ON shedinja
Girlfriend reconnecting with ex fuck him first to establish dominance
Joins Human Centipede operation volunteers for middle
Plagarize History thesis paper from math textbook
doing lines of anthrax
Halloween 2001 go as bin laden
Get pulled over by cops literally fuck the police
messes with texas
No fap september Rips off genitals to ensure victory
Recycle bin I deleted it
You say rape whistle I say mating call
girlfriend is ignoring you BLIND HER WITH YOUR PEE BLIND GIRLS WANT ATTENTION
rape rape rape rape Rape
Loses Capital NUKE IT
Sister in Law Walks In keep fapping
find mewtwo in cerulean cave kill it for exp
Next to cop at traffic light Drag race
Plays Amnesia While tripping on acid
CAUGHT WATCHING PORN? NOW IT'S A FAMILY MOVIE
Jehova's witness? Come right in
wi-fi hotspot jack off
Be the alpha male penetrate everything
Use garbage disposal As fleshlight
Baby on board sign? Target acquired 
Shit in public bathroom make eye contact through the crack between stall door
Watching A Serbian Film Masturbates to it
needs handjob calls edward scissorshands
hears sirens and footsteps outside takes another bong hit
replace light in the ceiling stand on swivel chair
Russian roulette automatic 
Go on 4chan What is this the kiddie channel
420 upvotes? UPVOTE
BOSS MAD AT YOU FOR BROWSING REDDIT AT WORK? GO ON 4CHAN
Take sleeping pills Operate heavy machinery
Goes swimming with dolphins Rape them all
Spontaneous orgasm while talking to dad stare at him square in the eye
first time smoking gravity bong
GF: "How pudgy am I on a scale of 1 to 10?" get a bigger scale
Get junk in mailbox put junk in mailman
go to job interview.  "where do you see yourself in 5 years?" as your boss
boss says your performance is poor staple his dick to the performance report
asshole waits til the last second to merge? merge your car with his
Save battery dead? beat the game in one sitting.
FATHER FUCKING YOUR MOTHER? FUCK HIS MOTHER.
has 10gb of porn on the  desktop
Start watching a lord of the rings film at 11.30pm
Creates new post on reddit Gives self a downvote
The way to her heart through her ribcage
sees professional driver on closed course attempts
breath smells? use deodorant
parents say no to throwing a party murder them with a hammer
goes to /r/politics posts something conservative
get job ask for week off
see cop on highway pass him
pat down by tsa agent tip him afterward 
Play entire game with text set to slow
flush toilet get in shower
See photo of girlfriends friend on Facebook leave "Fuck me raw" under comments
take entire bottle of vitamins in one sitting you're set for life
Cat throwing up on baby? Eat the baby - throw it up on cat
don't think of  it as rape  think of it as strangers with benefits
Lose two pints of blood replace with whiskey
Donates blood not his own
gang bang grannys on pornhub "like"  
Muscles sore after hard workout Take a dry ice bath
fucks a hamster Guinea pig is too loose
get bad grade from law professor sue his ass
on a nuzlocke run use selfdestruct
Disconnect Ipod from computer without ejecting
find dumpster behind abortion clinic in multi-cultural city neapolitan
Goes into Best Buy On Christmas Eve
Jerks off in public restroom  at the urinal
Scout 6 pool Fast expand
it's not rape If you make your own hole
get road head from the driver
dresses up as a little boy rapes pedobear
Wear sweatpants To a strip club
Supports PETA WEARS HUMAN SKIN
Clicks on a Youtube link reads all the comments
Buys Nugget for 50000 Pokedollars
call suicide hotline convince operator to hang himself with phone cord
Dick in a box? I'm an avid collector
collect menstrual blood in jars serve over spaghetti to homeless shelter
Masturbate in your sleep?  Wear sandpaper gloves dipped in ghost chilis
Flips boner into waistband not wearing a shirt
Finishes exam doesn't check work
sets dick on fire puts it out with rape
Plays hide and go seek Dies of Starvation
Gets a Handjob From Edward scissorhands
out of KY? Use habanero jelly
Put TV on Lifetime Break Remote
Girl is giving you the eye Don't let her have it back
Found bear trap in the woods Tea bag it
SIMPLY WALK INTO MORDOR
I take the "the" out of psychotherapist
after a girl dies, what organ in her body stays warm? MY dick
first time masturbating in months give cat facial
Go through Rock Tunnel Without Flash or Repel
Porn File Automatically Opens Fap instead of doing presentation
ORDER DRINKS AT THE BAR MOLOTOV COCKTAILS
Talks about his sex life To his father in law
Water down brandy With Fire
See a tornado. Grab videocamera, run outside and film it!
HANGOVER? DRINK IT OFF!
Donated Blood It wasn't mine
Donates blood Everyday
uses safety scissors  to remove own appendix 
misses her smile takes teeth as souvenir 
Grandmother dies Continues fucking her
cooks bacon in the nude
witness a robbery see their thievery and raise them a murder 
CREATE ISAAC SIRKO, ONE OF THE SHOW'S BEST ANTAGONISTS EVER. SET HIM UP FOR A COMPLEX, EMOTIONALLY-CHARGED SHOWDOWN WITH DEXTER THAT IS BOUND TO BE ONE OF THE MOST NAIL-BITING MOMENTS OF THE SERIES. OK GREAT, NOW GET THE GUY FROM THE BAR TO KILL HIM OFF I
I take the "the" out of pyschotherapist
steps in shower turns on water
find any video on redtube that has an advertisement cum before the ad is over
Finds PedoBear's kids Rapes them
Good guy greg was a little too sweet for my taste
Ask out crush in front of their boyfriend.
Go to mecca Wear a t-shirt that says "Allah fucks pigs."
fell asleep while reading the bible
After a girl dies, what organ in her body stays warm? My COCK
No water in pool swan dive
Blocks every subreddit  except for r/spacedicks
No towel, family reunion in living room Helicopter dick
join Ghostbusters cross the streams
Becomes blood brother with magic johnson
Girlfriend gets shot  Bonus Hole
Do you have a minute to talk about Jesus? YES
Think about the surface of the sun Enter the room of requirement
Using Emerald randomizer choose abra as starter
Travels back in time tells a struggling young austrian painter that he'll never be as good as those jewish artists
Use Stone to Force Evolution Press B When Evolving
Goes to Blackout Haunted House Kicked out for making the performers uncomfortable
load a gravity bong with resin
I don't rape bears often, but when i do it's grizzly
Some day my prince will come in my mouth, then behead me and come again in my trachea
"I gotta get this homework done." "Better take a Klonopin."
fireman's costume, zombie mask, spill ashtray all over myself halloween costume is 9/11 firefighter
See girl's hair on your laptop Caress it with your dick
poests too redit speles evarythng rong
mom unplugs snes for chruch let her meet god
Smoke every day at 4:20 A.M.
visits /r/gore Uses top image as desktop background
loads six bowls of kief
 RADIUS.
When life gives you lemons You cut yourself and squeeze the lemon all over it
play "floor is lava" at rim of active volcano
First Visit to r/spacedicks subscribed
Nailed my ex last night To the wall
run `bundle install` at starbucks
roses are red, violets are blue we're having sex 'cause I'm stronger than you
baby on board  target acquired
sees ex for first time since break-up maintains eye contact
Pee into the Shower All over the other person showering
boss sees me browsing reddit? lets see how he likes /r/spacedicks
Get road head in the passenger seat
Her Water just broke? Lubrication
Play flight of the bumblebee on the tuba
like one song download discography
Out of lube sriracha
I had a waitress with a black eye I made sure to speak up, she obviously has trouble listening
plays slender tries to find him 
Run into Chansey at Safari Zone Throw rock
Microwave a hot pocket stick your dick in it
Garbage Disposal? Blowjob Machine.
Original lavender town theme? I love that song 
Human Centipede? I call middle
sweaty after football game shower in the blood of the losing team
see car coming towards you stand your ground
Wants to get to front page Cuts off friends' legs. Posts pictures
Visit r/spacedicks All the links are purple
play Pokemon r/b/y Without a psychic type
Act openly gay At Republican National convention
LIVING IN DUBAI FUCK IT, WE'RE DRINKING  ALCOHOL
see woman giving birth time for a threesome
morning wood uses it in shop class
is in a world of shit keeps on living
ass rape your friend in front of his sister
To you: cute stick figures of your family on your back window to me: rape checklist
Get in a duel With Gregor Clegane
Last hit as Karthus With auto attacks
new tank items released initiate as heimerdinger
take drugs to feel normal
Need to get rid of boner hedge clippers
Plays paintball Use knife to conserve ammo
SOMEONE POSTS FB STATUS: IS KILLING MYSELF. BYE LIKE THAT SHIT
Drinks 12 pack of absinthe
CRIES DURING SEX FUCKING MACE
submit post at 5am
Eat an edible Try to finish a midterm before it kicks in
Run out of shampoo use regular poo
hears murderer closing in on hiding spot whispers "warmer"
It's simple  We rape the batman
Fight Sephiroth in Kingdom Hearts WIN
Stab wound? you mean rape hole
raped as a child never got caught
you call it super glue i call it lube
browses /r/nsfw at work
9.5 hour work shift 9.5 mile run
Fuck a 43 year old woman Kill her with semen allergy
Stay at parents house for the holiday weekend Masturbate like I'm still at home
sees gore thread posts oc
Picks Evelynn Against Moscow 5
Closes Reddit Tab Doesn't reopen it
nuzlocke use explosion
vegan friends says,"Don't eat anything with a face" So first I removed his face
Gives road head  is the driver 
KIDNAP DAUGHTER OF LIAM NEESON
Fool me once, shame on you fool me twice, and I'll ass rape you with a machete 
Gets scrammed, jammed and cap drained... CAN STILL BUMP THEM
Robbing my Salon? Feeds you nothing but viagra and rapes you while you're tied up
"If you could change one thing about your partner's physical appearance..." All of the above
Going to lose to idra? mass hallucinations!
give peace a chance to surrender
Go to new job interview Recommend downsizing
Dress Kids in Egg Costumes HUNT THEM
I'm a little tea pot Suck my dick
ZERG COUNTERS YOUR STARGATE WITH HYDRAs MAKE ANOTHER STARGATE
Mixes bag of M&MS  WITH BAG OF SKITTLES
It is Simple NaNiWa kill the batman...
He died as he lived A baby
It's not rape  if she's dead
Irons clothing while wearing them
Uses "9" as nexus, keeps probe hotkey as "E"
I accidentally your aorta
Shoots 3 buffalo  Carry back 110 lbs.
Starcraft caster challenge? Use iambic pentameter
Watch asian girls vomiting into each others mouth video like on facebook
Creates a tulpa pinkamena
I have the heart of a young boy It's in a jar on my desk
Buys you a lap dance pays the iron price
Abortion clinic free ornaments
For every upvote charity posts get i rape an orphan
The Snack that smiles back CHILDREN
Eats a vegetable picks wheelchair from teeth
you're a zoophile? Great! I like to fuck dead chicks, so I think this can work.
gets caught playing brainstorm as ancestral still draws four off the next brainstorm
Kitten stuck in sink garbage disposal
Apply the "Coexist" bumper sticker in saudi arabia
Creepers outside your house invite them in
Eats out a girl takes home doggy bag
Best porn subreddit? r/wtf
Gets Second Wind OFF of Terramorphous
Didn't believe the tip of your thumb can grow back Cut off his own to test the theory
Run out of porkchops Beat zombie to death with flower, eat its flesh
Crowd going to give away mothership rush? ITS HALO!!!
fuck cookies eat girl scouts
Goes Grocery  shopping During the Walmart early Black friday sale
Post a logical political argument in r/politics
water down brandy with blood of children
Unsure of girl's age? cut her in half count the rings
Stubs toe on IKEA furniture Burns down sweden
Find wild leatherback turtle on beach, Best blowjob ever!
mom walks in while fapping facial
Bird shits on you Catch bird, shit on it
Thinks he's murdering his girlfriend during sex Finishes like a boss
simply walk into mordor
Roses are Red, violets are blue they'll need dental records to identify you
Takes up position in maternity ward Spawn camping
mom catches you "wrestling" your sister threesome 
i enjoy my cofee like i enjoy my women ground up and in the freezer
scared shitless by creepy korean comic reload page, scroll down again
GF vomits on your dick finish on her face
girlfriend turns down three-way break her in half and do it anyway
patronus is a dementor
 FOURSOME
Does Zumba in the living room with legos on the floor
challenges combatEX gets icecream
waitress brings wrong food eat out waitress
Girl getting raped across the street Threesome
Got the master ball Catch a Rattata
cancelling warp gate on 90% 
walks in on parents having sex makes it a threesome
Reads the bible literally does what it commands
they frowned at my boyfriend's wheelchair I ate their legs
Grandma suffers from dementia she won't remember if i rape her
freshman raped laugh for a year
I'LL HUFF AND I'LL PUFF AND I'LL... KILL YOUR WHOLE FUCKING FAMILY 
I Almost hope i'm pregnant  just So my period won't interfere with the sex I plan on having this weekend
Buys Evelyn WITH RIOT POINTS.
Introduces friend to Radiohead with their newest album
Gf asks for your dick in a box for xmas mail it to her
Plays rank Rolls Random
accidentally streams porn to living room with kids in it goes to living room and finishes
GETS MUNCHIES EATS HANDFUL OF SHROOMS
The police are surrounding the building And I'm just sitting here masturbating
Nice sunny day to Eat the homeless
Floss teeth untill gums bleed rinse out the blood with listerine
Top half fish bottom half human? fuck and eat at the same time
redtube.com set as homepage
Fart loudly In Crowded elevator push all the buttons while glaring at other passengers
go to occupy protest just to get pepper sprayed
burn down life's house with lemons
Chase vodka with vodka
Gets AIDS Mission Accomplished
goes on r/gonewild searches for his sister
Spleef? PLAY ON OBSIDIAN
Find a shiny pokemon during a nuzlocke challenge, and you already caught your pokemon for that area. Fucking kill it.
HAS HAND FULL OF BEES FAPS
Jungle Nunu In dominion
Glitched Mew in yellow hm slave
It's not rape If it's murder
Playing slender leave last note for the building
My favorite season? Nuclear winter
Spills milk on sisters panties covers it up with semen
run for election use dick pics as campaign material
Lets play hide & seek With your body
Watch Saw movie marathon blue balls
Everyone Turned their back on you? commence anal sex
Depressed patient enters the hospital put him in solitary confinement for 3 days
Don't want cops to see plate cover it with dead body
pregnant woman double kill
college freshman was delicious
Wireless mouse battery critically low plays ranked anyway
chop habanero peppers pick nose
 
Register for Christianmingle.com  call customer service so they can hear you rape who you were matched with 
staring contest with the sun
get genital wart tear it off
Plays Russian roulette With a semi-automatic
5 in the pink foot in the stink
Achieves 99 strength Pushing through wheat at puro puro
take ex-lax run marathon
sleep deprived, exhausted Make meme, get upvotes from others like him/her
Roommate finishes the milk Eat cereal with their blood
parents keep checking browser history? google for suicide advice all day long
Enemy chooses Lee Sin Instalock Akali
Run notzlocke Learn Self Destruct 
Heard you wanted to be more like harry potter so i killed your parents and stuck you in a closet below the stairs
buying condoms? try them on in         the store
Sit at front of class furiously masturbate
brute charging you? charge it back
Stub toe on table kick it twice as hard for hurting you
watch fox news believe it
I can tell we're going to have sex later i'm much stronger than you are
GirlfriEnd wants to watch a romantic comedy Clockwork orange
EV train a Blissey On Atk and def
Tells your girlfriend she is fat  Proposes sex to burn calories
santorum would force daughter to accept rape pregnancy challenge accepted
Wants to teach accurate biology in the south
Masturbates...  WITH ICY HOT
Drink raw sewage powerlevel immune system
you hear rape whistle i hear mating call
Magikarp reaches level 20 press b button while evolving
Someone told me onions are the only food which make you cry So I made him eat his children
accidentally stubs toe intentionally stubs other nine to even things out
Not pissing in sink to save water Pissing in sink to wash dishes
Tells dead baby jokes While pregnant
burn calories set fat kids on fire
dad told me babies came from storks so I fucked a stork
gets socially awkward boner rips it off
masturbates pees right after
Record football games without the express written consent of the Nfl
brush teeth drink orange juice
No rolling papers I had too much skin anyways
Camps pipe in pipe
Pees in woman's restroom Standing up
out of sick days? call in dead
Play Ranked When EU servers are unstable
HATERS  GONNA DIE
bites open beer for shotgun drinking from glass bottles
buys a bjj gi that is too small loses 30lbs instead of returning it
homosexuality illegal in state runs as gay politician
Lugia? perfect HM slave!
Takes 66 into DC buys manual transmission  
I like my women like I like my coffee Ground up and in the freezer
Sees romanianguy's shitty usage of this meme tracks him, flies to romania, gauges his eyes out with a spoon, suffocates him by raping his mouth while holding his nose and burns down his house
Piss Standing up Shit the Same Way
Fap To /r/spacedicks....At work
girl talking while trying to study? tear out her vocal cords with your dick
pregnant girlfriend  pinata
girlfriend sexting other dude fuck him first      establish dominance
I play a THief in Pve And a ranger in pvp.
Brush teeth drink orange Juice
Order pizza EAT PIZZA GUY
get angry for more bacon
monster under bed? scare the shit out of it
Recipe needs powdered sugar uses cocaine
Wouldn't it have been more fun to kill her then fuck her?
STALKS GIRL ON FACEBOOK LIKES STATUS FROM 8 MONTHS AGO
EV train a Shedinja On HP!
Takes math test In pen.
Bankers screw over economy Reward them handsomely
breaks into screening room changes lion king 3D to 2 girls one cup 3D
Enters the "wrong hole" urethra 
force girlfriend to get abortion  sue for custody 
Doesn't feel like getting up to empty bong water Drinks it
plays runescape in class with the runescape music blaring 
Buy $3000 Gaming COmputer Install Ubuntu
Lets Have some Fun THis beat is sick I wanna snort coke off a black mans dick
SPOTTED BY RECON DRONE GOOD, I WANTED A CHALLENGE
eat out a girl while she gives birth
plays russian roulette  to test reflexes
buys rape whistle rapes the fuck out of it
share bed with family member fap anyways
Bay bridge closed one way drive against traffic  
drink the lemonade at bear grylls' house
find Baby on your doorstep new fleshlight
Big Spoon? ANAL SEX
masturbate headphones on, door open
Undergo Bullet ant Ritual Let's go Dancing
Goes down a man after red card turn it up to Ultra attacking
What? Magickarp is evolving! Press B
Enter Shower Fuck the prisoners
Friend gets struck by lightning Meat's Back on the Menu
GET CAUGHT MASTURBATING LOOK THEM IN THE EYES AND FINISH LIKE A BOSS
turns on shower already under it
girlfriend's on her period good, i needed more iron in my diet
Her father asks what your intensions are with his daughter Dry Anal Rape
Goes to see batman movie Becomes the villain
College tour groups visiting my class browse 4chan
DAYLIGHT SAVINGS TIME WAKE UP AN HOUR EARLIER THAN USUAL
If the fear of Hell is all that keeps you from a crime spree Then you are evil. And evil people don't get into heaven.
Sneezed in the middle of morning piss raped a horse to death
a girl is lying on the floor use her as a weapon!
Organize a reddit meetup invite /b/
someone notices you staring at them keep fucking staring
Bite marks found in bin laden's neck You're welcome
I like my women like my coffee ground up and in the freezer
Does speedball With crystal meth
How is rape like a lifeboat? Women and children first!!!
December 24th Christmas Shopping at Tysons Corner
get a mew hm slave
"How would you like your eggs"? Fertilized
has naruto marathon only watches fillers
Get told off by owner? SHIT ON HIS  FUCKING LAMP
Get a handjob from captain hook!
On the first day of christmas i fucked you with a tree 
Pink fluffy unicorns dancing on rainbows? Demolish them!
BROWSES /B/ ON public library computer!
goes to death metal concert screams yolo
Listened to The Beatles disc 2 played revolution 9 in its entirety
Girl asks what i'm Listening to  Stripped, Raped And Strangled
Captures Arceus HM Slave
vegetable garden in front yard
child asks about abortions refer them to  non-existent sibling
Sit in the front row of class watch porn
ROOMMATE STEALS DONUTS BLIND HIM PERMANENTLY
DR TOLD ME I NEED TO LOSE AT LEAST 30 POUNDS CHOP OFF OWN LEG
about to begin essay caps lock on
girlfriend's pregnant with your daughter threesome
person in stall next to you shit first to establish dominance 
Sister's Open Casket funeral Bury her with a pearl necklace
Plays drinking games takes shots of ipecac
Best part about sex with twenty-six year olds there's twenty of them
Plays Pokemon Crystal Picks Chikorita 
Drug Test Tomorrow Studies with Coke
rub dick on carpet touch metal with dick
EAT SOCIALLY AWKWARD PENGUIN SHIT OUT SOCIALLY AWESOME PENGUIN
Children? HAND PUPPETS!
Friends can't hang Hang your friends
Hears 12-year olds talking on xbox live Doesn't mute them
Kill your grandpa marry your grandma
See a tornado ATTACK IT ON HORSEBACK
so every time i masturbate god kills a kitten two birds one stone
In a community shower with random guys Fap at them 
Hungover Listens to Anaal Nathrakh
Tear her in half threesome
Gets Road Head  While on a Motorcylce
Out of contact solution? tobasco sauce
Accused of being a racist Rape one person of each color to prove otherwise
stew of piss, shit and blood in toilet hat trick!
Go to Twilight Premier Play vuvuzela through the entire movie
one letter left to guess on wheel of fortune and tons of money spin
Wife changes wallpaper to small child to make you feel guilty call her into room and masturbate to the picture
Is wearing eye makeup rubs eye
play sudoku with a pen
Girlfriend says she thinks valentine's day is "dumb" doesn't get her anything
applying eye liner on a bumpy road while driving 
Cooks hotpocket fleshlight
Wash with ice block Only nipples
Uses dead grandma as excuse to get out of exam Kills grandma
you had me at don't
NO she is not on her period that was foreplay
friend says he is shit faced shit on his face.  prove him right
play paintball use marbles 
Knows nsa is watching posts confession bear
i dunk my oreos like i dunk my children until the bubbles stop
favorite holiday movie? the shining
Takes A Dump Doesn't Use Toilet paper and walks away
I leave my women like i leave my batteries Dead with the juices sucked out
7 day no reddit challenge? try 7 day no breathing challenge
Spends all bonus xp weekend Questing
krokodil my gateway drug
HIt your bong without water
Finds finger in Wendy's chili Continues eating
New Tires running-in in rain
dine in hell kick out satan
Final match of Super Smash Bros tournement I choose you jigglypuff
Dry hump leg achieve penetration
Get Boner In CLass Stand up and show your pride
lucid dream during nightmare continue nightmare
see cop follow him  
SMOKE SALVIA WATCH "THE DEVIL'S ORCHARD"
find cigar cutter circumcises self
Bar patrons only pick pop music on jukebox playlist the entire "Painkiller" album
Doesn't get fed eats other wolf
bites into wasp-filled apple twice
brushes teeth rinses with orange juice
Jacks off with IcyHot Lubes up for Round Two!
Friend links you to Meatspin.com FAP
posts religious beliefs  in r/atheism 
you call it sandpaper I call it condoms
door won't open rip it off
Get Road Head During Driving Test
Out of toilet paper use wallpaper
Watches porn shares to facebook
Takes viagra before prostate exam
Looks at porn Likes and shares on facebook
Buy pepper spray Use it as lube
first day of period six week six pack workout video
Diagnoses self with brain tumor Ill cut it out tonight
Traditional values? Stone ex for adultery
turns out she's a tease turns out you're a rapist
you call it kidnapping  i call it surprise adoption
I want quiet sex Rape a mute person
Go on hidden wiki click everything
I don't want to set the world on fire... RED FLASH CLOUDS CHOKING OUT THE MORNING SKY!!!
Wants to fap goes on R/wtf
Multitasking: Insert Q-tips Answer phone with THE SAME EAR
"You'd fuck a wet hole in the wall" Fucks it dry
Captures GOD pokemon HM Slave
first overnight sleepover with cute guy wear heavy eye makeup
Tell a kid on Xbox live you will rape him while playing call of duty literally rape him
Didn't like tdkr kill everyone in the theatre
Raise taxes and cut programs
You are what you eat Forever young EAT BABIES
best thing about working in a morgue free meals
Condom Breaks rip out girlfriend's uterus
Posts on /R/Music NIckleback
taking a shit at work? put your name tag on the turd and don't flush so people can pay respect
has a heart attack misinterprets meaning
Finds out older sister is a web cam model gets private incest show
Hey guys I found this hot porn It's called the black swan
 make a man a fire and he'll be warm for a day...  set a man on fire and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
See cop on interstate pass him
create a meme about downvoting get upvoted
sleep is for pussies
Opens laptop to porn in class turn up the volume
Don't worry,I'm clean MAYHAPS
First Spin on "Wheel of Fortune" Give me an "X"
Lubricant? Tobasco sauce
Eat a bowl of nails without any milk
See a spider on the wall Eat it
Runs out of Lube Uses glue instead
RAPE RAPE RAPE RAPE RAPE RAPE RAPE RAPE RAPE RAPE
shotguns a beer keg 
Has a concussion Naptime
My mise en place was tweaked? Tonight's special: fillet of cook
Sees slenderman gives him a hug
friends are like trees they fall down when you hit them with an axe
Final essay caps lock comic sans
toking in back seat stares cop in the fucking face
submits picture of his proudest, finest work to reddit /r/gore
Whats the difference between babies and onions i dont cry when i cut babies
 eat a bag of dicks? let the harvest begin
kill and eat cows just to keep running
boss catches you laughing at quickmeme look him in the eyes and keep laughing
masturbates in library children's section
Guy is texting girlfriend Fuck him to assert dominance
love is blind because i scooped out her eyes with my dick
Play sudoku with a pen
Fucks sister. 
Parents say you need to go to church because your an atheist  jerk off in church and finish on Mary's face
Hates to see a child cry because he'll be less juicy
MUST GEt on 495 gotta get milk and bread
have Crohn's disease Brag about it
pulls pin from grenade throws pin
Needs to get some sleep Does 70 on the freeway
I rape cats
Sticks his dick in crazy Marries her
sent to prison  all you can rape buffet
Uses Bicycle For Costco run
Go to church Set Disciple as ringtone
mcdonalds sweet tea needs more  sugar
Brush Teeth with scope eat whole orange
GUY TAKES OUT HIS BALLS TO TEA-BAG TARGET ACQUIRED 
Trys to argue a point on /r/atheism
Watch movie with parents  fap to sex scene
GETS STD POURS BLEACH INTO DICKHOLE
Fuck grandmother using her grand baby as a condom
Set Reddit as your homepage during finals week
PUT ON SHIRT WHILE WEARING GLASSES
DUI check point? Fucking step on it
cannon Frost Dragons With a bonecrusher
labels porn folder 'porn folder'
tear a hipster's eyes out now who wears glasses ironically?
Priest didn't touch you as an alter boy? rape him to show what he's missing
Go to mecca eat fistfulls of bacon
I killed your wife Just kidding but I did rape your 8 year old son after I tied him up and cut of his genitals
Goes To GameStop  Jizzes On The Counter 
I saved a drowning black family as a .gif
Gets Experience Survivor Achievement By Playing w v w v w
KIlls mosquito Drinks the blood
the only contraceptive i use is rape
buy new car pay in pennies
Wear Glasses As contacts
Why did the semen cross the road? mother in law wore wrong sock
fight gingivitis with a gun
Eat hotpockets Immediately out of the microwave
Rolls blunt Full of resin
What do you call someone slower than me a rape victim
razor nick near vagina? RUBBING ALCOHOL
i like my women like i like my shrimp deveined
SING KARAOKE  SOBER
goes through castelia sewers Lead pokemon ability: Swarm
Cop pulls you over for speeding grab his package
Goes To The Hood Calls everyone nigger 
Listen to audio books On shuffle
Watched the debates still voting for perry
Silencer?! let them come to me!
Friend calls shotgun BLAM!
friend wants to quit smoking chainsaw to the hands
Make up sex after the murder
Market order   with 400 second lag
VIOLENCE IS NOT THE ANSWER, VIOLENCE IS THE QUESTION THE ANSWER IS YES
flight leaves in  four hours taco bell for lunch
you can`t spell slaughter without laughter
Plays Mass Effect online Doesn't use vanguard
Get a Mogwai only feed it after midnight
Forgot to do my homework Better drink my own piss
downvote own submissions
clone yourself fight yourself to the death!
downloads the Louis Ck special off pirate bay gives five bucks to justin beiber
Chew Aluminum Foil
win thousands of tickets at the arcade burn them all
Watching porn  Fuck headphones, use speakers
clop at school
JUST SAW SUPERMAN Raped him with Kryptonite DILDO
downvotes own post this will only make you stronger
Changing volume on TV Doesn't end number              with a "0" or "5"
makes a joint uses koran pages
Uses blood to fake ketchup
Roses are red, violets are blue Poems are shit, I'm going to rape you!
5am time to do wind sprints
Wears Gay Rights shirt To marriage prep
fb photo download notification? good. 
plays diablo 3 public games
make r/spacedicks homepage on work pc
sees meme on reddit reads whole thing as thumbnail
post something on reddit remove own upvote
not sure if i can use that towel jerk off into it
go into rainforest naked on a vision quest enslave guiding spirits
I like my woman like I keep my coffee Ground up & in the freezer
Birthday sex In the maternity ward
Close my tabs? I close your life.
Play Mass Effect 3 Enjoy the ending
Put Q-tips in ears Start slapbox fight
you call it homicide i call it super late term abortion
Had five guys for lunch STILL HUNGRY
gives house warming present burns down house  
Watch two girls one cup Eat chocolate mousse
Downvotes own post on reddit Reddit hard mode
eat victory shit bees
I shit in the shower
I have the dick I make the rape
Complains about atheists on the internet
Wife Complains about you hitting snooze button Hit her instead
Makes post on reddit 15 minutes before blackout
saw ex-girlfriend in half
volunteers at aids clinic unprotected sex
Gets a kidney stone Faps it out
it's Shark week you don't want to know what i'd do for a klondike bar
post something pro- sopa on reddit
[10] ROLL ANOTHER JOINT!
Makes ice soap  from the blood of unborn children
has cake eats it, too
Explosive barrel? Use for cover
Mug someone for their gun at knifepoint
Five Bonds to Carbon? -100 Points
Place toothpick under toenail kick        wall admit it you aaaaad in you're mind
Helps you be more christ-like CRUCIFIES YOU
College Thesis One draft wonder
Russians fighting germans? attack both
EARLY MORNING CALL RUN TO AMBULANCE WITH A MASSIVE BONER
OMG UNBLOCKED MEME MAKER SITE
drink liquid cocaine outside in the summer wearing a thick coat a wooly hat and a scarf
complete eternal battlegrounds jumping puzzle don't open chest
Challenge Mewtwo without saving
police pepperspray you tear eyes out and make police eat them
Plays Edward FortyHands While Driving
one week relationship tattoo your face  on my bicep
Mention Religion  On Reddit
Boss talks over you Rip his throat out Complete your sentence while he dies
Listen to an audiobook on shuffle
Had girl problems listened to a little piece of heaven
Insanity Puppy? You mean my illegitimate  child with a drugged up Siberian husky 
Gets on kiss cam with sister tongues
airplane has wifi? Doesn't matter, time for some loops
Goes on /r/gore Posts OC
every day is a good hair day when you shave your head
Masturbate on r/Spacedicks
Watching Video on youjizz Share to facebook
Submit post to reddit shut down computer 
i bet you i can suck jesus christ's dick and shit in his mouth at the same time
gets downvotes for "misuse" of insanity wolf meme dry anal rape the downvoters
I. Want.  SEX.
power goes out sets house on fire for light
Calls judge judy Asks if she takes cases of rape and murder
quickest way to someones heart? through the ribcage
Start Pandemic II game at madagascar restart game
Need to mastubate R/spacedicks
upvote everything because fuck you
both fiftyfity options are horribly nsfl opens link
Out of Toilet paper Use coarse sandpaper
new roommate moves in today piss on his bed and fuck his luggage to establish dominance
Stare death in the eyes while fucking him in the ass
accidental drunken sex destroy the evidence
see guy hitting on girl in bar piss on her and mark territory
You call it murder I call it 4th trimester abortion
Rape Whistle? baby-making music.
Mom walks in while watching porn Doesn't close tab
I WILL TOUCH YOU HARD >:]
kill steve jobs frame cancer
Receive starter  Release starter
Just finished the pokedex Time to start a new game
Play Russian roulette With a fully loaded revolver
Go into the group shower after gym time for a fap
Get high as a kite off of bull viagra Rape your son in the ass
Avoids the friendzone VIA full penetration
goes to church wears deicide shirt
Drink Holy Water Piss on athiests
every time tebow scores a touchdown  i will eat a baby 
TAKES ARROW TO THE KNEE SNAPS IT AND sticks it in OTHER KNEE TO BE EVEN
Go to congo set the new world rape record
I don't gang rape  i rape gang's
OUT OF KY? Icy Hot!
Ash Wednesday Targets Acquired
Looks at /r/nsfw At Work
Get road head as the passenger
packing huge bowl outside at party when cops show up casually walk inside and smoke it
LEAVES HOUSE DOESN'T CHECK THE LOCK 11 TIMES EXACTLY
parents walk in on you fapping lock eyes with them and finish like a champ
Kill her dog sex
fuck wife while she's giving birth Instant threesome
Multiple choice final Sharpie 
two bears are fighting? rape one
Fave team loses to UNC  13 Times straight Manufactures "win" using margins of defeat to Kansas
MAKE UP SEX AFTER THE MURDER
She says she doesn't want to see you anymore Gouge out her eyes
"Your fly's undone" WHIPS IT OUT  
Finals week bomb threat hillman library
Hook up with date In parents house
Melees the banshee
masturbate with icy hot during cold shower
floats across river doesn't caulk wagon
Redditors have cats that were dropped out of moving cars?? you're welcome
Life gives you lemons  Fuck it and give it Lemon-Aids
PLAYS AMNESIA ON ACID
Buy puppy for r/aww karma Kill it when no longer cute
Buys a smoking hot cup of coffee Drinks using a straw
Share offensive post to r/exmuslim and to r/islam
Vegetarian Restaurant? Eat a waitress
Broke your glass dildo in your ass? Swallow a sword!
need to sort 100,000,000 element array BUBBLESORT
posts angry wolf picture has no idea what it is
Got the dad shake Broke the daughter's spine
evolve dragonair into dargonite new hm slave
Baby on board sign? Target acquired 
i like my women how i like my coffee ground up and in the freezer
PLAY GLOBAL THERMONUCLEAR WAR WIN
I'd Bang Lizzy Caplan From Mean Girls
I shave my legs even with mosquito bites
Cat Craig and Dog Greg? Munchies problem: Fucking Solved
parents caught you mastubating does not stop
Contradict atheism on reddit
Mom walks in while having sex with girlfriend  Threesome!!!
Roses are Red Violets are Twisted Bend over Bitch your about to get fisted!!!
Turns shower on hottest setting The pain makes me stronger
Rip off Greg's face wear it as a mask
De-friend someone on Facebook  He no longer exists 
passed on rotation commandeers blunt, starts new rotation. alone. 
Rape a girl with legos Step in her
Eat her pussy? Take it literally
girlfriend has diarrhea anal sex
kill people burn shit fuck school wolfgang
Lane splits in a car
stack of techies mines in the way blademail
Posts on reddit in comic sans
Takes candy from a baby eats baby and saves candy for later
FLAMETHROWER TAG! I'M IT
Doesn't have a spoon to stir his coffee with uses his dick
girlfriend wont say  "i love you" take off duct tape
I put it in i'll take it out
at school browse nsfw links all class
Throwing A party Halving people over at my place tonight
Puts Toothpaste In Orange Juice
forever alone?  kill people hang corpses in bedroom
slow children ahead speed bumps ahead
was in  "A Serbian Film" they cut my rape scene
WORK OUT SO WHEN YOU go to see the new batman people confuse you for tom hardy
FOLD "FULL SERVING" OVEN PIZZA IN HALF. NOW ITS 1/2 SERVING. LOAD NEXT MEAL INTO OVEN.
6 minute abs? carving knife to stomach
Can't find a plotting library that does what you want? Write your own from scratch in a language you don't know
got caught masturbating? Look them in the eye and finish like a boss
push a hipster down the stairs now look who's tumbling
Queue matchmaking solo
ran for 5 minutes TWICE
see a chicken in legend of zelda attack
someone enters room while fapping eye contact until completion
Breath through nose while emptying ileostomy bag
staring contest with the sun
u of m - 16 rebounds draymond green - 16 rebounds
I promised myself I wouldn't cry But that baby was just too  delicious
surfs 4chan with real name
Tell friend you fucked his mom. Friend says his mom is dead  THATS WHAT MADE IT SO EASY!
32 degrees and snowing? PONTOON RIDE.
Doesn't take bloody mess perk
Sees cop driving on the highway Passes him
I'll make my room look smokey Sets house on fire
bass cover of a Iron Maiden song with a pick
Extra virgin olive oil? It wont be when i'm done with it
God gives you lemons? find a new god!
go to blood donation clinic bring a corpse, a knife and a hose
goes on /r/spacedicks dissapointed in lack of astronaut porn
Participate in No Fap February Set Redtube as Homepage
Sick of getting caught and hearing it from parents? Smarten up until you move out!
Porn collection wiped watch lazy town
Watch wigan fatty fuck fap
fucks apple pie fresh out the oven
Bank repossesses your car Repossess your bank
pussy i eat that shit for breakfast
man is standing too close to you in bathroom turn his skull into your urinal
Jock at school calling you a nerd Rape his girlfriend
baby on board target acquired
Gets bat slayer achievement from grawl fractal
TABASCO? LUBE!
You call it an autopsy I call it foreplay
Step into shower without testing the water
barb wire? cock ring
Submit new post downvote everything else in the new queue
Push a hipster down the stairs Now look who is tumbling
RISK IT FOR THE BISCUIT
Moose ahead on highway full throttle
takes out contacts with hot cheeto fingers
no porn on the internet records parents having sex
Get paper cut Cauterize it
Needs a designated driver Chooses stevie wonder
Girlfriend isn't on birth control Suck it out with a straw
Donate blood that belonged to someone else
Family game night Strip Poker
reddit down, browse digg on internet explorer 
It's not rape... ...if you say surprise
watches porn shares to facebook
Sees Deathwing Mounts him
freeballin while wearing sweatpants at a strip club
going to a christian wedding anal rape the bride with barbed wire around penis
They can't kick your ass If you cut it off
Preparing for Thesis Set Reddit as Homepage
butthole itches shits self as a means of scratching it
Finish Exam set everything on fire
Period late? White Panties
get arrested achievement unlocked
Run into hot facebook friend Masturbate to her on the spot
It's not rape if you say "surprise" first
has sex with a leatherback sea turtle's mouth
Had a hickey on neck Wore hair in a bun
Insert pencil into ear canal side headbutt wall
Need someone to rape, mangle, and eat? Why not Zoidberg?
Leaves House Without a scarf
Polar bear wants a hug... Throw used tampons for him to fetch and fuck him when he bends over!
SMOKE WEED DO MATH
Not going to take the time to follow the proper procedure?  Not going to take the time to fix your problem. 
watches documentary about north korea immigrates there
i'm not your grandma but i do make just the most adorable sweaters you've ever seen
Buy wacom tablet use it to draw  dicks in mspaint
Kill a hipster now who's underground?
Is a metal elitist  Metalcore elitist
gives away drugs at house party bath salts
YOU ARE HOMELESS IF I SAY YOU ARE HOMELESS
put in 15.5 hours at       the office, today. still hit the weights and ran three miles.
Birthday Cake at work Eat the piece with their name on it in icing.
finds a magic lamp request the genie to commit suicide
FAP to r/spacedicks
get pissed off when someone copies your meme
kill mosquito on arm leave corpse as warning to others!
make front page in lowercase comic sans
D Level Challenge is easymode q level challenge
Requires 3-ring binder Punches holes in students
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU'RE CLOSER TO DYING
GO TO BEST BUY ON BLACK FRIDAY to return something
gets fur balls cut off fuck you vet
tag on shirt says don't mix with colors join kkk
sees survivor in cherno tosses all flares
AMA REQUEST: me
Go to welfare office Drop the N Bomb
Feed the Homeless To the Homeless
Watch Human Centipede Get Hard
group of carolers were at the door  now there's a group of bodies in the basement 
Wears a pad to bed during period and no pants
exam taking too long? stick pencils into nostrils slam nose into desk
Block Cammy's divekick Guess
Get Roadhead Girlfriend is driving
girl with Parkinsons disease Handjob
Buys mcdonalds french fries adds salt
only Get head still break hymen 
watches porn after fapping  
teach geodude self destruct on a nuzlocke run
guy in stall sees you checking yourself out kick in door ask what he thinks
time to take adhd medication down it with energy shot
Blender? You mean foot massager.
Chooses the wrong meme and doesn't know how to change it and decides to finish anyway with the wrong meme, types way to much because can't find the backspace key so noone can see the pictures, and post in the wrong subreddit because doesn't know how to ch
Play Danish Gambit  CASTLE QUEENSIDE
watch irreversible rape scene masturbate
work non-stop doing every skill til i max pay jagex to reset my account.
Makes a black metal song adds breakdown
Pop your blisters great post-workout recovery drink
Gets a 2.0 KD Using only the Javelin and Riot Shield
FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY Bludgeoning the Weakened
Gets blowjob in a car With manual transmission
Upset that Islam is being portrayed as violent? Storm embassy and kill people
Bro fist? anal fist
Step in the shower turn on the water
Sitting next to beautiful girl in class fart loudly on purpose
Need cheap haircut Joined military
drop acid take girlfriend to twilight
Calls in care package On the hardpoint
corrects grammar and spelling on r/drunk
all stalls are taken shit in someone's lap
rape a pregnant bitch. tell my friends it was a threesome.
Wished a Merry Christmas "Thanks.  You too."
out of shampoo uses regular poo
Jingle bells, Jingle bells get the fuck out of my way
Sees sad college freshman rapes him on the way to taco bell
Teatime.  No milk left in fridge Drink tea without milk
redtube is down lemonparty.org
CLICKED ON LINK ABOVE PULLED DOWN PANTS AND KEPT SCROLLING
No Lotion? Masturbate with purell
turns on caps lock writes an essay using shift key for all lowercase letters
STEPS ON LEGO LAUGHS
neosporin as lubricant fuck the pain away
Big bison got away more meat for me
brush like a dentist fuck like a beast
10 cents per upvote to Chick-Fil-A
go to the movies read all credits
Sticks egg in vagina HARD BOILED EGG
i love  the bus! sit next to me so i can talk crazy to you and stink like shit
Person writing check at grocery store bitch, get a bank card like the rest of us
Plays Skyrim Khajiit holocaust
i like my women like my coffee cold, ground up and in the freezer
hunt for milfs use their children as bait
Search blue waffle on google fap
20 Degrees F wind and Freezing rain no top, no doors
I CAN RUN FASTER HORNY THAN YOU CAN SCARED
when life gives you lemons  fuck life in the ass and give it lemon aids  
Girlfriend says she is tired OF THE RAPE!
Mom walks in while fapping Aim for the eyes!
feel depressed like no one cares and you cant take it anymore no one gives a fuck
Gets diploma bicycle kicks teacher and shits on his chest
Arguing on the internet is like the special olympics! If you do it I will Rape you!
There's always blood the first time you rape a virgin
Melts girlfriend's heart In a pot
there might be wild bears in those woods don't forget to bring condoms
what are you giving up for lent? your virginity
Angry coworker yells 'You gotta be fuckin shittin me' Fuck and shit on them, make him an honest man.
girlfriend pregnant? fuck the baby out
Get's paper cut bites off rest of finger to show the paper how it's done
gets banned from r/spacedicks
Rebecca Black can't pick a seat? JUST pick a fucking seat and shut the fuck up!
See Cute Girl driving on the road t-bone her to get her number
wife is giving birth masturbate to it
too bad you're ugly at least fat people  can diet
LETS PLAY A DRINKING GAME BLEACH PONG
Shaves balls uses straight razor
Catch my son masturbating join in
opens laptop in front row, forgot to close porn starts fapping
Post on reddit GIVE MYSELF FIRST DOWNVOTE
capture the creator of the universe make him your hm bitch
shave balls with a chainsaw
Dark Souls complains there isn't enough invasions
sees dog shitting on his lawn shits on dog
Don't swallow toothpaste? How else am I supposed to clean my throat
At sister in law's house Feed on her panties, Cum in her dog
Go through cave or tall grass while on bicycle
xpost to r/aww From r/spacedicks
Watch human centipede fap
MIDDLE EAST CAUSING PROBLEMS NUKE IT FROM ORBIT
Quit smoking go on a diet
Te topaste un convoy de zetas? secuestralos
Baby on board? rear end repeatedly
I'M GOING TO CUM IN YOUR EYES 
Sees post is NSFW sends to company wide mailing list
Parents see you fapping in garage keep fapping
Drink shots pitchers at a time
Plays 9 String Downtunes
hey dave fuck you
Recieve starter pokemon release it
neighbors pound on wall during sex howl at the moon
E. coli outbreak Eat at Fresh Foods anyway
Thinks of dead kittens while fapping faps harder
Bite down on nail file rip from mouth
START AN UNRELATED ARGUMENT ACCUSE HER OF FARTING
Shave your pubes with a weed wacker
had sex with princess Di Last week
When life hands you lemons stab babies and squirt lemon juice in the wounds
See a bruise on my leg Get a rusty saw to amputate  
SSN 427-03-5946
Silence is Golden Chloroform is colorless
HOUSEWARMING GIFT? ARSON
Lost teamfight BLAME HIMSELF
watching German skat foot fetish porn with tentacle rape share with friends on facebook
kills two birds  with one stone eats stone
r/nosleep? more like r/bedtimestories
Loses 60 workers Thrashes opponent anyway
I love you in that outfit, can I borrow it? she's naked
Completes Sunday times crossword In pen
goes to party dressed to kill butcher's apron
Is the driver  Gives road head
USE WINGDINGS ASSERT YOUR DOMINANCE
Play russian roulette with a six-shooter pipe filled with weed, pcp, and salvia
90 degrees & dressed in black head to toe orders hot chocolate
favorite porno? 3 guys 1 hammer
Take PCP Just for fun
RAPE A PREGANANT WOMEN TELL FRIENDS I HAD A 3 WAY
Friend zone? RAPE ZONE
Use Muscle Cream To jack off
Strana coristilor are cate fasunguri vreau eu sa aiba
blue waffle ({}) delicious
Posts his opinion on reddit
Slit wrists go swimming in shark infested waters
she put you in the friend zone? put her in the rape zone
anal rape until she bleeds use blood as lubricant
LIsten to Dubstep Headbutt a fucking baby
attend AA meeting bring beer
When life gives you lemons Slice up your dick and fuck them
need fapping material? r/spacedicks
FLOss with razor blades
Browse r/happy downvote
girlfriend is a squirter 2 pints of blood/minute
Plays "Make Them Suffer" on acoustic guitar
Rip off fingernails Tattoo your nail bed
There is a solution to every problem.. Murder!!!
retrieve baby from burning building eat it
road rage exascerbated by 'roid rage
avoid hangover stay drunk
Watch Human Centipede Change major
Start LCS 0-9 Finish 5th place anyway
How do you make a little girl cry twice? Wipe your bloody dick on her teddy bear
plays goalie without a cup
 into the rape zone!
runs out of toilet paper uses leftover cylinder
Buy some flowers Give them to a nice lady
sends video of judge adams beating his daughter to america's funniest home videos
Wants to play Earthbound Downloads "Pirated" Rom version
1900 elo ranked match? ARAM
Zombie apocalypse? GO CROWD SURFING
Muscles sore after hard workout workout again
just had a root canal pass the oj
post on reddit turn off computer
Write A Meme In Comic Sans
The next person to make a brace yourselves over steve jobs will fucking join him
Go to meme party Kill everybody
girl bites your dick while sucking you off knock her teeth our and make her start over while raping both her parents at the same time
THAT'S A FUCKING NEGATIVE GHOST RIDER
Drink hydrochloric acid digest their remains faster
she put you in the friend zone put her in the ambulance unloading zone
water down brandy with everclear
parents catch you  smoking pot look them in the eye and take ecstasy
WHO LIVES IN A PINEAPPLE UNDER THE SEA? ADOLF HITLER
Save a cow Eat a vegitarian!
See woman breastfeeding return favor,  whip out dick
You see your neighbor buying a new camera she wants you to break into her house, tie her up, and make r/bondage proud
sharing bunk bed with garry glitter
Plays Russian Roulette Alone
Uses Internet Explorer 
Gets really pissed off about memes on facebook page, makes obvious trolling meme to illustrate the fact that Heavy text and irrelevant topics are only funny when they are done on purpose instead of in ignorance
abortion you call it murder i call it lunch
size 12 font? i use 12.5
When Life Give You Lemons MURDER
Smash magnifying glass into shards New pair of contact lenses
Fuck the truth, what I want is certainty
Half asleep and forget to fold down the wings while changing my pad USE IT ANYWAY
new tattoo? get hit with lightning
A Penis i shall flay
Firewalking!!! stops!!!
MORNING WOOD YOU MEAN BREAKFAST IN BED?
decides to destroy universe one atom at a time
rain, rain, go away... ill fuck you in the asshole if you come again another day
Liquid soap in prison free lube
Awkward Boner in class brandish it!
Solicitors Ring Doorbell Give Them Unsolicited Rape
girl is on period use blood as lube
Needs to shave Uses a lawnmower
Watched all seasons of sex and the city without taking a break 
No gag reflex Discovered this while being skull raped
Encounter serrated anti-rape condom  KEEP FUCKING
Girlfriend Asks "Where do you see us in Five Years?" "Me - Dead, You - Alone"
No condom? Use sandpaper
gets skin caught in zipper keeps zipping
Facebook poke war Eat Their hands to     establish dominance
Stick toothpick under toe nail Kick wall
Take a trip to the Virgin Islands Now just called Islands
NSFw? Open link during business meeting
pees sitting down  Shits standing up
Register a goatse.cx email address use it on on every resume
Write an essay in the Law Library WITH A TYPERWRITER
Plays Russian Roulette With a glock
Hey guys i found this hot porn It's called splice
all it takes is one mauling to end courage wolfs return
What's the difference between a baby and a pizza? You don't fuck a pizza before you eat it
 $900 wank
take final exam naked
parents catch you masturbating finish on their faces 
Let rapist finish Eat out victim
can't rape the willing? Challenge accepted!
Lose house keys burn down house
Goes to the dentist Keeps eye contact the whole time
find and kill most wanted man in world dump body in ocean immediately.
FRIEND DELETEs YOU ON FACEBOOK DELETE FRIENDS FACE
Got Hungry walked into abortion clinic.
GOOD MORNING MOTHER FUCKER!!!
I have a really nice body in my freezer
Little sister fucks all your friends Fuck your little sister
Find spiders nest Offer mouth as a warm moist breeding environment
20 people videotaping me set 100k bmw on fire
drop ecstasy at a funeral
Accidentally bite tongue CHEW AND SWALLOW
THE QUICKEST WAY TO A MAN'S HEART? Through his rib cage
Wanna see something cool? press "Ctrl + w"!
When life gives you lemons squeeze them in life's eyes
Rip out your kidney Then drink the pee fresh from the source
chamber in melee with your fists
Forgot to close porn before opening laptop in chemistry class.  Hydrochloric Acid makes great lube.
caught dick in zipper does't stop zipping
Adds injury to insult
Play midnight game  With no candle
Just got wisdom teeth removed give blowjob
do sudoku in pen
Rebuild Game Opens Scout
girl makes a shitty sandwich blumpkin time
If its yellow, let it mellow if its brown, chow the fuck down
Shits with the door open In Public Restroom
Out of condoms Wraps dick in sandpaper
I PREFER CONTEMPORARY RAPE!
See pregnant lady standing in a bus slam the brakes 
 
Does Drugs During drug test 
snort coke, inject heroin, smoke weed, drink 3 bottles of vodka, take ecstasy, and meth WHEN I WAKE UP
breast feed on a sybian
Goes on Reddit Links to 9gag
Go down on hairy vagina find nothing wrong
Mom walks in while jacking off Cum on her face
ball gagged a girl last night doesn't own a ballgag
stillborn baby?  stillraped baby
no toothbrush use razor blade
Doesn't Care About Herpes When His Dick Touches The toilet still pees in condoms and throws them at people.
buys new carpet MADE OF LEGOS
finish hot shower open curtain
Pigeon eating and shitting in kitchen pigeon sandwich for lunch, special sauce
Watch  Game of Thrones Finger Wife during sex scenes 
anniversary  of birth  drink until death
miss ex get better rifle
Girl tells you she believes in true love rape her
Realizes she is crazy sticks dick in anyways
watch porn click "share on facebook"
Just graduated and need a job Still voting for obama
sees church entrance warning sign pulls in
Put toothpick under toenail  Kick wall
POLICE SHOWS UP FINISH RAPE ANYWAY
Sit in front  in class watch porn
Cut my wife into pieces this is my last divorce
dog isn't cute enough Cut off its leg
friends invite you to church enforce old testament edicts literally
Set AC to 69 degrees Open all the windows in the house
listerine shots orange juice chaser
life gives you lemons Cut them in half and shove them in your eyes 
red wedding masturbates
see bear grylls meme find creator rape and kill him
what's the difference between a dead baby and pizza you don't fuck pizza
Exam starts soon and stalls are taken Shit in the urinal
splintery driftwood washes up in front of house anal dildo
Admit you don't like Pokemon On reddit
Bitten by a black mamba? Bite it back.
Toss me sausages I will try to catch them in my mouth
Good guy greg? fuck this i'm going to r/spacedicks
ESTABLISH WORLD PEACE KILL EVERYONE
Won't give me the goodies in your picnic basket I'm going to fucking eat your grandma
