I love chocolate chip cookies oatmeal raisin...
Everyone's been bringing back the old memes just not mine...
was it just a movie? could somebody be watching me right now, reading my thoughts?
I wonder if reddit will find this funny...  Who am I kidding ... my memes are terrible.
i love hot pockets ice cold in the middle
Australia would love this. They didn't.
hedgehogs why can't they just share the hedge?
woah, there's a joke on my laughy taffy wrapper I dont get it
fuck yeah, pop-tarts unfrosted
I hooked up with this girl i met online, she said she had a body built for sin. Too bad that the sin was gluttony
Chocolate Chip? Raisins
This would be so much better... If I had my favorite shirt.
Did I really forget to... Yea, it's just bread
Is that a hair? ...It's a Hair
I have no one... to offer my seat too
Conspiracy Keanu Is more popular than me
there is no comfort in knowing that there are plenty of fish in the sea because until i catch one,  i'm left holding my rod
 . . . mayonnaise.
i didn't know what a glory hole was... so i looked into it
Hey...my submission finally got a comment! qkme_transcriber...
They're bringing back old memes nothing but reposts...
All I really want is to see a bird. Well. Now i have nothing left to live for
egg salad?  weird. when I eat this I usually have to...  Shit
I heard a picture of me was popular on a place called "4chan", so I visited it. 
subtly glance to the side to see if someone's sitting there still my trash bags
Keanu is a traditional hawai'ian name traditional hawai'ian girls name
i was standing in line to the cash machine and this old lady asked me if i could check her balance. so i pushed her over
It's my cake day no upvotes...again
all this time i could have been breathing in space escape little bird escape
some days you're the pigeon some days the statue
god damn it i miss bill
WYLD STALLYNS could have been huge
hm... tastes like chicken. smells like tuna...  ...yet...  that bitch
What just landed on my sandwich? That bird pooped on it.
i recorded an album in my grandma's honor after she passed away. I called it "life support - unplugged"
And then she asked me:  "why did the chicken cross the road?" How was i supposed to know?
if arbys is good mood food then why do i still feel like shit?
My wife says picking my nose is disgusting.   So now I have to do it myself.
Reddit is in read-only mode? I can't read
I tell ya when I was a kid, all I knew was rejection  My yo-yo, it never came back
Bran was one of my favorite characters.   Fucking Theon.  
I was feeling down and called the suicide hotline. It had been outsourced to pakistan. they asked me if I could drive a truck
It's my cakeday I have nothing interesting to post
i tried to steal some kids lunch money he said he didn't have any because he left it on my moms bedside table
yep... cypher was right
 why aren't my snaks silly
Sees thought provoking/interesting post title on /r/Askscience Way to high to understand any of the explanations 
This sandwich has a strange texture... It's a sponge...
Maybe if I raise one pant leg up, people will think I'm cool. It'll just fall down later.
I'm glad that tree stopped following me It's still behind me, isn't it?
i was popular on the internet now everyone picks on me
What if Forever Resentful Mother isn't around anymore because she killed her self? Maybe I should have just cleaned my room and stopped acting like my father.
Yes! Preordered Mass Effect 3 Collector's Edition! Two Weeks until I can play
havn't heard from depression dog in a while maybe he finally did it hmm..
Havent been on reddit in a while....hmmmmmm still the same old memes...
damn, i wish i had another blunt.
 onions.
This tastes like shit Should've taken the blue pill.  Fuck!
I'm bored... haven't been on reddit for a while... Reddit is down for mantenance
what if i told you edit: shit i think this is the wrong meme
As a kid I was made to walk the plank.  We couldn't afford a dog.
Billionaire boss buys entire office breakfast every Friday. Anything you want... from McDonald's
Damn Shouldn't have kept dodging that Career Service's Lady in the pit.
what if... this food i'm eating actually houses a microscopic civilization and i am destroying it i'm not cut out for this anymore
Oh hey its the 4/10 I was looking for! Wormhole.
This sandwich my girlfriend made tastes funny. this is a bar of soap.
Do you like me food?  You don't have to be such a dick
OBAMA IS DOING AN AMA! REDDIT UNDER HEAVY LOAD THE WHOLE TIME
My picnic date cancelled on me Looks like it's just you and me bird
I should go on a walk after I finish eating 
We're playing unc? Make it 12 in a row.
This sandwich tastes funny, like ham I'm allergic to ham
Big mac... heavy.
What are these overly obsessive girlfriend memes? Describes my girlfriend perfectly...
I wonder what time it is... Fuck its 4:21!
What if... What if prelims ARE illegal?...deep
Don't need prozac i said, I'm perfectly fine with my life... Who cares, not like am here alone talking to a bird...
why does everybody make fun of me? duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhh
 
Wonder what time is bill nye the science guy on tonight? Damn, they took him off the air.
The crust is still on my sandwich Damn it, Mom
Hey, I know!  "Point Break 2"!  I'll call my agent and... ...oh, wait.  Swayze's dead.  Fuck...
What's this? Oh, it's sodexo.
I brought my frisbee to School last year Then they built stokes
 . . . miracle whip
Waiting for the arriba shuttle last stop
this isn't quite what i expected i'll know better next time.
Yes! "S" Spot ...Fuck, Small Car
Snicker doodle cookies?! oh, they're vegan.
Bird in three, two, one... 
mmm, this bagle is delicious. ...i just said "bagle" instead of bagel, didn't i?
Makes a funny meme about teacher teacher comments on it...
peanut butter sandwich ...out of milk
bill and ted 3? no fuckin way
Home from college for Christmas Where is all the food? I miss dining halls...
Using senior year status for the dook game Freshman gets phase one ticket
why did i take the red pill? oh yeah, red is for heart, blue is for stool mmm, applesauce and half sandwich. here birdy birdy
Fortune Cookie:  "Your Relationship will take a turn" Girlfriends' car didn't
I went to go protest on wall street wrong wall street
this tastes like turtle i fucking love turtles
Fuck yes! Its football season. wait i go to oregon state
Waied 15 minutes for this ABP sandwich They forgot the egg
pulled in Moonies Shes at london MET
mmmm... Farida aunties Chicken SAMOSA DAMN. NO CHUTNEY.
I had 99 cookies... But a bitch ate one.
i have a weak stomach whoa is me
Hey look...a bootiful diomand ring LIK DIS IF U CRY EVERTIm
Does the weather forecast say sun? ....it says rain.
why didn't I take the red pill... FML
Sandwich, at least you didn't forget my birthday 
Maybe if I wish really hard, finals will go away ....nope, still week ten.
wanted soup but... there is no spoon
That was the fattest blunt ive ever smoked  im gonna need more food
1889 artichoke dip  No bread bowls.
CSU Scores touchdown on CU  Forgets CU leads series 61-20
introduced a friend to reddit he already has more karma than me.
Fuck yeah got a new Game Boy Lost all of my good games
Studied all the gurus for draft advice still drafted a Kicker and Defense way too early
Awesome food from Great Wall Oh shit a tooth. 
The cake There was no cake
If you try to re-cast me in the new Bill and Ted's movie, I will totally sue your ass, dude! Sincerely,  Bill S. Preston Esq."   Bogus! "Dear 'Ted' Theodore Logan,
Some sandwich for me Annnddd some for my balls.
I wanted to watch my youth match. Server is down.
was that a fart? Nope
food? from dining hall...
This $1 hot dog was delicious But that game sucked
Fuck Yeah Grapes not seedless ones
Eat a sandwich, likea  boss swallow sadness, like a boss
o |   / __ / __ ' \ _ ' 'sup
is that a roach i see on the ground  cigarette bud ....
 I can't see my forehead
Hmmmmmmmmmm I should buy a boat
Got new hentai its censored
Sometimes you buy a snack And dont want to carry your groceries any more.
Yeah, I went to a merit point event! Now I have 10 1/3...
I eat because I'm unhappy and I'm unhappy because I eat
What just landed on my sandwich? That bird pooped on it. Haters Gonna Hate
is that a cockroach  in my sandwich? fuck my life.
I used to be a velociraptor what happened?
Test in Meyers Hall Forgot to bring a binder
...mmm sandwich, ...was my only friend.
Okay if its really you, what number am i thinking of? its not you.
I am the one whatevs
Good sandwich But im still keanu reeves...
what can i get my black friend for his birthday got it
Yeah Misty, so whenever you want to give me my badge, I'll--what? Team rocket has--They're doing what? Oh... I am a horrible human being.
Miracle Whip!?... . . . Horse cum.
Sandra Bullock is busy again.  I'll call her later
Eating a sandwich is always enjoyable Until you think of the movie "Honey, we shrunk the kids."
Bill and Ted was awesome I miss So-crates.
Me gusta? Forever alone.
Air Guitar Not as fun without bill
i feel like i've never had brisket before. but that can't be right.... how could i have never had brisket?... i'm fucking keanu reeves... i was in the matrix.
Fuck yeah, sandwich for lunch   it's sub-connect 
I love being a Student Nurse Only 3 more weeks and a million assignments until the semester ends...poor sad Keanu
Man The SJ sharks suck Kinda like my acting....
Im hungry, no one to eat with guess i'll go to lonely al's
This page should generate some hilarious posts. Nope. Just trolls.  
3 months to ib 2 weeks to orals
Sees great food at Chef's Table Makes a sandwich
I have no choice... Bill and Ted 3
Roses are red, violets are blue fuck you whore
Maybe this cookie will make me feel better about oswego losing no
"Chain Reaction" wasn't THAT bad fuck you Roger Ebert
Someone visited my OkCupid profile transgender....
is that a pill in my sandwich?  10101001010100101001010111110100101101010110010100101010101       100100101001000000011110010 1100101011101                    010100101010100101011001 010100101111                         01100101010010101110100 1010101011
Fuck Yeah, MUS 101A Where'd the 7C girls go?
Everypony is talking about episode 4 and how it revolves around Luna Nopony knows when episode 3 is coming out... and they don't care either. I can't wait for Episode 4. It's all about Luna!
Fruit stripes gum? awesome! ... the flavor is gone.
 pigeon: i hope he gives me that sandwich
mmm...this TUNA SANDWICH IS GOOD wait today is tuesday...i could have got myself a footlong meatball marinara
mmm.. new trident layers, gum with layers of flavor no one ever pays me in gum
hey the grades are up Blackboard is down again
 Dammit Gyllenhaal
They're just new animals with the same advice
IS THIS KEAnu reeves sausage? nope.
I think I'm done with classes... 6 page paper due tomorrow
I love saturdays.... don't have to work tomorrow oh crap...                it's sunday...
"Thank you Keanu!  But your fortune is in another cookie" 
if being a good person alone isn't good enough to get me into heaven  why did i even bother?
Whats the disgusting thing I recently read on 9gag ?.. .. Whats wrong with that damn poop guy
white whale.  holy grail. god damn, singing about killing moby dick.  that is deep.
Man i swear i know this taste.. yep, its semen.
Everyone is using Conspiracy Keanu Bums me out, bird
..... I miss being famous
oh shit my cake day is today cake day was yesterday...
Sandwich needs some meat... 
oh shit i had a test on busch hour ago 
Red Pill? Blue pill..
Cake? Pre-Packaged
Oh hey, Its a sandwich I hate sandwiches...
Did I just miss the Weekend 1? 
i got 99 problems and they're all bitches
Makes fun of students taking finals Wishes was still in college
All I really want is to see a bird. Well. Now i have nothing left to live for
Hmmmmm...That tastes mighty familiar that guys dick...
Sopes in the caf! Tastes like cardboard 
makes a meme about potato girl meme being dead and how the irony is that her mother brought light to it too late, consequently revitalizing the harsh, yet slightly amusing meme.  no one understands complex humor anymore. 
Is that Mayo? I'm allergic to eggs.
GLEN COCO GOT FOUR, HUH? FML
This sandwich is really tasty... But african children are dying of hunger
Crown loses at finals again Should have hired a different percussion staff. 
Birthday is finally on a Saturday ...have to work
here i sit, broken hearted came to shit, but only farted
this is some good bread  lol a chicken 
vari lesht s'kena lek
This pastrami sandwich rules uh oh, its friday...
fuck yeah, collage degree In a field that has been outsourced to China
Is That Shit? Aww thats just gross
I'm so... ...tired
Fell for friend. Got friend zone talk.
Sweet! Food! Aramark..
Fuck Yeah, Omelets  Long Line
Fuck yeah, I went to a T14 law school! These rankings were made by Cooley.
I just got an idea for a wicked rock song I don't have a good guitar VST...or an actual guitar
Oh sweet I found a new gun Schofield...
I love mom's homemade cooking ...and next week I'll be eating at the Commons
I need to stop getting distracted so I can study- OOO! A bird!
i know how to make ice cube shower. I know how to make chili.
Every Day  I'm Suffering
hey apple. will you be my friend? no respond
It's my birthday? Yeah...it's my birthday...
Ahhhh...  I finally get to eat a peaceful lunch Ugh.  Homeless bird.  Now I have to share
Just got my brown belt!! where do I line up...
Woah Is me
This tastes like feces... oh shit.
My reaction turned color! NMR: Just starting material
That fart was unusually wet damn i just shit my pants
Fuck yeah! mass effect 3! the ending...
neo, i'm a chicken 
4 facebook notifications? all game requests
I just did 3 reports for computer games development ...to be told it was wrong
Go to boozel brunch out of chocolate milk
Your mission mr phelps... Eat that bird!
fuck yeah, soggy dorito no hairy vagina...
I remmeber when skrillex was cool... ...now everyone shuffles to cinema 
speed 4? hell yeah
Got pussy wanted noodles
Tom said he was the new Zyzz But then I saw him
No one GAVE ME A HAT I GUESS NO ONE LIKES ME 
"What? I am the 'the One'?" "The one loser"
The Star Wars Trilogy was great. . . Then I watched the Prequels
I was going to be a doctor but i didn't revise hedgehogs...
You know, I was going to have soup for lunch but... There's no spoon.
What if air is actually poisonous and.... ...yeah
does this have mayo/ miracle whip...
Construction Zone Already have a hard hat on
i love baked lays all 10 of em
I love oatmeal raisin cookies. Chocolate chip...
Eggs? Check Milk? yup Cream cheese? yeah! forgot the vagisil...
monstercat album? Just shitty UKF Mixtape
All this time spent thinking of meme reply. Nothing.
Christmas Card? Dominos 
Played 8 games last 2 days to farm IP for Fizz No more motvation left to play him
I poured my cereal into the bowl without check to see if we still had milk. We didn't.
Bus is coming better finish this fast damnit... wrong bus
Bought Farnsworth Munsell 100 hue test only got 85 hues
Thought you my ride or die bitch turns out you're just a bitch
I love trident layers! I can't believe this is my fucking paycheck, though
Saw my moms boobs today I used to suck on those
5 second rule! phew... This isn't the one I dropped....
speed 4? no fuckin way
This sandwich tastes terrible, and the rioters flipped Baby Berk...
Got a sandwich from the Stag Deli They added lettuce instead of tomato
I did get second place There were only two cars
See Title "OP finally delivers"  It wasnt that safe being opened .... 
Internet people liked my memes Life downhill from here. 
Made a Milkshake No boys came to the yard.
This tastes familiar Bacon flavored condoms
wanted soup but... there is no spoon
Wait, let me read that again Fuck, I got trolled.
Trying to make front page... Everything is a repost.
Looked up Sasuke tags on Gelbooru Mostly Yaoi
Love McDonalds Find out they use fake meat
I love seeing people dress for halloween but there is no Halloween in my country
what the..!? Shitted my pants..
blazer and hiking boots. charlie sheen in this bitch.
jesus fucking christ bitch didnt give me any napkins.
Stonehill memes are fuckin awesome and now they're gone
Tried to do a meme Fucked up big time with gramar
Kickass fortune cookie ...and I ate the fortune
Diabetes cured!!! Type 2 diabetes...
You Love Chinese Food 
Girl wanted to come over To drink all my booze
Bobby orr pinball machine? blackhawks
That was a funny caption why can't I think of funny stuff?
I taught my girlfriend about karma on Reddit! She whored out my cat for over 1000 karma.
Clicks post thinking it's a place for singles to vent Only to find out it's all about happy couples, making me feel even more lonely.
I miss home when I'm at college I miss college when I'm at home
Thought my cakeday was coming up I've only been a redditor for two months
This reminds me of the sandwiches we had while filming Matrix Revolutions ...Matrix Revolutions
someone actually asked me a question on tumblr? tumblrbot.
I'm straight Edge But no one gives a fuck
Monday: hm hattrick, let's try! next league match on sunday
the McRib came back I missed it
surprise inside? no surprise
My friends posted meme's on my status I didn't think they were funny....
Out of ragecomics? Better go to r/atheism
I think my cake day is coming up oh. i missed it
They put mustard on it... I hate mustard...
 i love fortune cookies 
This is totally a changeling killed fellow marine.
Something's... Semen.
Sweet a new blue link isn't blue
life is pretty deplete of happiness and levity
Did they make a meme out of me? ...They made a meme out of me
this tastes like... ah, fuck it
I am good at math... until Calc bc
i realized i'm eating a sandwich on a a park bench my career is over
god dammit i just sharted
this is a damn good burrito pluto nash?
was this a hamburger or a cheeseburger? i should dlow down when i eat
what if Descartes was wrong? fuck.
Vou olhar meu holerite deste mes toda a vez a mesma tristeza http://blogdocharlie.wordpress.com/
fuck yeah, Subway!  ... Doesn't accept gift cards.  
I hate racists I hate asians and black people too
If the secret to life, the universe and everything is... What was I saying?
I have a great idea for a rage comic! blackout
is mayonnaise  an instrument? no
whole box of jimmy johns cookies left oatmeal raisin
(sigh) i'm still really hungry
I like girls but i hate vagina sex
DAMN! I should have to buy that fucking Porsche!
something in my sandwich? pube in my sandwich.
Remote Desktop is available on a Mac For Windows hosts
Wanna eat this doughnut ...but theres trans fat
 i shouldve took the blue pill
Sandwich, I want you inside me. Oh hey a bird.
maybe i should flail my arms in the air g baby is dead
Spunkmeyer Cookies Freezing Cold
...My baby died before it was born and my girlfriend died in a drug-caused car accident... 
i asked for no mayonnaise i hate mayonnaise
Eating Alone Sucks Knew I should've checked out Loveatschool.com
..Sometimes I just start thinking about things and I just sit there... I stop whatever I'm doing and I just sit there and zone out ... and think about things.
There's a smash tournament at my school? Brawl
wanted to recommend a r/arrogance subredit remembered r/atheism already exists
Oh Sweet someone posted a link to one of my fav posts I only reddit at work and the link was blocked...
 I Pooped a little
aw sweet, new morbid angel! 
I hope I got the player autobid
Well, dinner sucks again... Time to get a bowl of cereal...
she said she'd call... 7 months ago...bitch -.-
fuck yeah, inhausse no yordle gank squad
Did I buy this or did I find it..? 
Life sucks.  But at least I'm not Dara 
Free cookies on friday! damn it! oatmeal raisin...
OMNOM Sandwich! OMNOM shoe?
I love tacos fucking fish taco
I love starcraft 2 But i always lose
FORTUNE COOKIE: "CHOOSE THE BLUE PILL" ...FUCK
these edibles don't seem to work my tolerance is too high
Wanted good food didn't get aj's...
This isn't ham... Fucking whore.
"Be sure to download the icmc guidebook app so you always know whats going on!" I don't have a smart phone
Man, Rue was adorable. Fuck you, Jack.
want chinese food can't afford rent
Just a little fart ...It was wet
sweet, New facebook notification tagged in kony post...
is that a quarter? nope... just part of the carpet
Immortality isn't all it's cracked up to be  Why did I have to be so damn good at this Highlander shit?
Starburst! Double lemon
Took long way to walk by hot office girl... empty chair.
Sitting here makes me think.... ....that someone is missing.
Haha Chemistry Cat I wish i understood the joke
fortune says "panda bear..." eats shoots and reeves
Just my luck, a chocolate chip muffin... Raisins
Last Chocolate chip cookie? Fuck Raisins...
They didn't give me a day off for a funeral... Maybe they will if it's mine
Everyday i'm shufflin' Wait... I can't shuffle
did i forget the cheese for my grilled cheese sandwich again? yep
Vaya con dios Pita
A Concordia university memes page could be awesome but people don't understand how to make good memes
It's been over 20 years since the last Bill & Ted movie was made. I haven't smiled since.
organic chemistry 5 bonds to carbon
I wanted a red tortilla  not this white crap...
Read Schopenhauer Lost will to live
Everything will be fine in the end. If it is not fine, it is not the end.  FXck, is that the Oracle fucking with me again, or is that just how every movie ends?
what if mike portnoy wrote the best dream theater lyrics? fuck!
So hungry, mmm oh, right... Berghain 8 hours ago
I used to skydive with bank robbers.  
Sweet!  found some gum There is no gum
Wing friday at marquis! boiled wings
Got a degree from Monmouth University This is my home
So This Is A Cum Sandwich ...Not That Great
Oh! The title of this post sounds interesting.. *click* r/atheism/
Rutgers Ham Sandwich A They forgot the Flintstones Vitamins
Me (Lie): You think I could take off early today?  I think I'm getting sick. Boss: Yeah, you look pretty terrible.
See cute dutch girl walking towards you Taller than  you
I was enjoying my bread on a bench but then I took an arrow to the knee >>--    -->
Tried to use Regexp to solve 1  problem Now have 2
Get a half price Big Mac *Only available Nerang , Southport or Labrador
Stole 12 Month xbox live. isn't activated.
Ninja warrior!? Women's
5 minutes until class starts. I'll just go on facebook  class is over
that lapdance was amazing but this staph infection sucks...
Opened my fortune cookie Blank paper
This was supposed to be chicken salad. Bogus. 
are those nuts? son of a bitch Severe Allergies
OPENS FORTUNE COOKIE GOD DAMMIT
oh shit i think these are special cupcakes no they're not
when it rains it pours
Kertas contekan segini muat gak ya? Semoga meja gue ada kolongnya..
fuck yeah, b&b with gamma phi
I wish i had a ding dong 
Fuck Why didn't I take the red pill
new chart getting passed out Bells 2
christ i'm starved aww yuck  gReasy johns ARSE hair NOT AGAIN
stealing from marty bogroll knew i shouldnt have went to tech
I wanted to draft Cam Newton I got Joe Flacco.
Point Break is being remade? Whoa... This sucks. 
freind offers me the last starburst yellow...
This tastes like pussy dammit I wanted cock flavor!
Pokemon themed birthday?? ... no bulbasaur
Sweet, a fortune cookie empty
clicked on ohbears thread still no cock shot
Nobody liked the earth stood still Guess I'll make another Bill & Ted
Someone else is going to play JOhnny Utah? Hey pidgeon, this is serious. I was in Point Break. You ever see it?  Oh, ok. Say hi to your mother for me. NO?!
i really thought.. ironman would beat wolverine
Strange tasting sandwich.. Used tampon
Free Shipping! To Store.
For my next trick, I will make this scaffolding... ...disappear!
This was a good taco.  Now I'm gonna be all out of taco.
sandwitch lady was pretty hot... ...shoulda said something.
Dennis hopper? he was the bomb...
This tastes like shit I should've taken the blue pill.   Fuck!
someone made a new durham saints meme! it was just Humphrey
I could've been thor 
Internet controlled by gov? Gov Controlled by money...
Made Marauders against protoss Noob massed immortals...
think i'll go full ad bruiser next DEFEAT
this taco bell is quite good diarrhea
Did Rituals really forget to... Yea, it's just bread
Chocolate Chip? fuckin Raisins
Spends seven hours straight coding a game ...gets asked "Is that it?" by teacher
Mmmmm, this is a tasty burger damn, i knew i should've auditioned for pulp fiction
oh my fucking god i definatly said no mayo.
Baked you a cake, But I eated it
Huge Powerball jackpot!? Oh wait, I don't live in the Usa... 
HMM ...THIS IS SO GOOD oh CRAP! i'm in the matrix
So this is what my life has come to... That damn bird looks happier then me.
Fortune Cookie, you're my best friend. You're my only friend.
am i relly tasting this? oh shit! i'm in the matrix
harry potter had eight movies matrix only had three
there is no comfort in knowing that there are plenty of fish in the sea When you still  don't have one And no one is fishing for you
Nih tim koar2 mulu di Spectre.. Coba Gua Cek, udah punya Badge Of Honour belum yah.... Bangke!!! Ternyata cuma 3 UCL nya.. kandidat medioker masuk gw nih tim..  
"That last fortune you got was a bullshit lie." Stupid cookies
so this is how forever alone guy feels
I didn't know there was butter in this sandwich I'm lactose intolerant
Sometimes, I go on a reddit post just to make a pun the OP missed out on But then it's already the top comment
Hm, it looks like the H5N1 strain of bird flu effects humans only in close proximity. ...Dammit.
Fuck Why didn't I take the red pill
i used to eat like a king why cant they just make matrix sequels forever?
good thing no one knows I'm cheating on my diet is that a photographer...
I think that sandwich was good. Better keep it to myself until Miner eats one.
what happens to the bruised apples I pick over at the grocery store? I hope someone is dumb enough to buy them.
Made funny calvin meme admin board decided it was innappropriate
The Matrix was an original movie... But then it was ruined with sequels.
Tastes good But knows its not real
I totally forgot to vote for Ken LaLonde for VP of Marketing... Sadness...
I used to be a conspirator   now all i am is sad
Cookies! Cupcakes! Cake! FOOD! tummyache...
I wanted to see what Woody Harrelson said about taking that girl's virginity just wanted to promote his movie
WON A FREE DINNER WITH A MEMBER OF EXORBITANCE JAMES
I wanted to give a F CK Didn't have U...
Two girls in this profile picture, which is she? the ugly one
I was totally in The Matrix. ... and Day the Earth Stood Still.
I though crona was a guy that damn Portuguese proved me wrong
okcupid found a perfect match for me? that's...my cousin.
it's still the holidays! tomorrow's monday
why am I eating this? I squat like a girl.
Did I forget to do something before I left home garage door...
Got into the engineering program Failed Calculus II 
I used to be popular... Now they all think I'm a psycho
I ordered a double cheeseburger They gave me a McDouble
        -_____- :(
This sandwich is awful It tastes like Dara 
Nobody is listening to me right now. >FART<
if mcdonalds tells me im lovin' it i have no feelings for this shit
a kid yelled something at me on a bike, but I had my earbuds in, so I looked at him and he fell off his bike
what if this sandwich isn't a real sandwich..and...well.. fuck it
Gargles with Listerine   has a mouth full of dead germs 
I got dunked mid ..and now I owe fab $10 
there is no comfort in knowing that there are plenty of fish in the sea because i miss grantham
Makes 'hilarious' meme Downvote
A GOOD FRIEND WILL BAIL YOU OUT JAIL... BUT A TRUE FRIEND WOULD BE SITTING RIGHT NEXT TO YOU SAYING..DAMN.. WE FUCKED IT UP BRO..
Spring concert? Hot chelle rae
Chicken? Fish...
have a great idea for a meme someone did it three years ago
just bit the inside of my cheek i am screaming so loud right now
Why did i do dracula? why?
ugh... should have took the red pill...
No rain today... Looks like no failblog at work today...
what is this? damn its good
Tastes like chicken Shit. It's pigeon, isn't it.
it's weird, bread usually makes me sad ...there it is
this tasts really good if only I had someone to share it with :(
just read 80 real life cheat codes and realized how much of my life i've wasted
11 days in Italy!! ...with no gym
forgot to make sure we got milk before i did the cornflakes in the bowl. . . . we didn't.
Claudio loves hero? A very forward march-chick.
So i took the red pill shoulda taken my birth control
Keanu Reeve's School of Acting? Duuuuuuuuude...
This picture of me used to be a meme Now a much more embarrassing picture is
Heck yeah food Cafeteria food
Why do all my movies suck? I guess because I suck...
Sugar cookie? Bread...
feels great to live in Browning. dammit now i live in burnside
I really miss BILL & TED.... screw you...bird!!
Hmmm. Hmmm?
wanted 3ds day before release Told me to bring €50.000
Trix? silly me, trix are for kids
roses are red, violets are blue God made me pretty what the hell happened to you Reading Poem
Dang, /new/ is kinda shitty oh wait, i'm on /hot/
Hells yah I love BLT's! Turkey bacon
 This tastes like my movies.
i wish she would talk to me. but she's too busy running around my feet. stupid duck-looking thing.
Fucked up my life But now im fucking 1500 elo
Damnit, all i have is this stale bread... ...because Wegmans quit stocking my medjool dates.
This egan muffin tastes kinda funny fuckin onions
Reads the comments about why his post sucks Downvotes himself
Shush, no more tears Only dreams now
A third party is paying for a night of drinking for a nice couple No one tipped me
Maybe I'll get picked to play Steve Jobs in the upcoming biopic Ashton...
great, so i voted for fresh in the vusu elections so i get more bbq's and free beer ahh shit, i don't go to footscray park campus
someone found something in their house! another safe...
Sometimes, you're the windshield Sometimes, you're the bug
mmm dibellas meatball sub wtf... subway!!!!!!!!
had a really good idea for a meme... accidently submits on brothers reddit account
Nobody liked the day the earth stood still guess i have to make another bill & ted
I was almost Ghost Rider... Damn you Nicholas Cage...
Poured a bowl of cereal out of milk
"Become an archaeologist" they said... "It'll be fun", they said.
Posso accompagnarti a casa? sad de rosa
Fuck yeah. Pony round. it's about real ponies.
o |   / __ / __ ' \ _ ' 'sup \ ..
This was Trinity's favorite sandwich 
Damn, this bread is pretty good....wait...I'm still in the MAtrix... Fuck....
This isn't too bad for a week old .... That was mold
I just don't get it. He has a beard, I have a beard. He's seen everywhere in public,  I'm seen everywhere in public. Damn your hide, Stephen A. Burroughs.
gross, i said no MAYO MAN! IF i wasnt already at an [8] and really knew any kung fu i would do something about it...fuck you bird
Sweet my good rod caught a pokemon. Magikarp
Polly wanta cracker?                 No Friends
This meal was superior, and the service was not bad. I love being a "food critic" Forever alone...
This doesn't taste like a ham sandwich. Fuck, it's tunafish.
was listening to a good song then my ipod died.
What would Descartes do... 
fuck yeah, beignets without powdered sugar..
i recorded an album in my grandma's honor after she passed away. i called it life support: unplugged
i used hack the matrix but then i took an arrow to the knee
He's playing soraka bot He's playing soraka bot
Is that pigeon poop? You just gave me Histoplasmosis
It's okay sandwhich, you're not the one I hate But I am
I love reddit But No one on Reddit loves me
20% unemployment rate? I'll be living with my parents forever What?
my truck would be awesome if only i had my deletes
BAITED 3 PEOPLE BOT WITH HEAVILY FARMED CHO'GATH BUT MY TEAM JUST PINGED ME TO RETREAT
All I ever wanted... Was to be a ballerina
I wonder if Travis likes women? ...Yet... He acts like hes gay. That bitch
ZOMBIES MOTHERFUCKER!!!! ...I JUST GOT really tired
Damn!! Gritty TExture... Wish I had some 3 Penis Wine to wash this down with
Did I just shit myself Yes, I Did Lets out a fart
I was the one, and now I;m eating a cheese sandwich. THIS IS FUCKING BULLSHIT.
i have skin cancer i still have skin cancer
I told her I could dress myself I can't
hhmm..Kuenya enak juga tapi kok gw malah dikatain orang gila..
Yes I love fortune cookies Fortune doesn't make since
J'en avais marre du PLQ, mais je ne suis pas alle voter
Found meme of me on interwebs why there be no LOLcatz?
At the moment, I am eating peach cake, Death by Chocolate ice cream and blasting Uninvited by Alanis Morissette  I am the biggest girl on planet Earth
At the moment, I am eating peach cake, Death by Chocolate ice cream and blasting Uninvited by Alanis Morissette I am the biggest girl on planet Earth
The seats beside me are reserved ...I have no friends
Need to word this better fuckin submit it anyway
First day of allstate should've got geico..
Did I lock the door? ...I can't remember.
Wait, didn’t I ask for no mayo on this? MIRACLE WHIP
I saw OP delivered on the frontpage wasn't the safe....
I drafted Steve Smith And Yet I find no joy in this...
dammit my peanut butter was in his chocolate
bitch forgot my margarine why does this always happen to me?
i was in the film, the lake house. 
Had to fart Accidentally pooped a little
My recent movies are a failure... I miss Bill and Ted
Poop? Wholefoods
am i going to get a penta-kill? singed stole it
I tried to search for a specific comic of this meme. But they're all called "Sad Keanu"
 should've went with Charmander...
Squad is all different classes map is metro
Not going to the inauguration after all 
You won't return my hug? I'm never smiling again.
I hope they took out the... Pickles...
Mmm Vegimite... Promite! That cunt
Man I love discussing Clan Lore Brought up my name...
If I am the chosen one... i am eating the matrix ! Nop, just a crappy sandwich...
Yeah, I have hopes. Dreams. Wait. This isn't grilled cheese.
So, Tesla was the electric jesus. 
No more arrested devolpment? but i love that show...
shouldn't have drank so much last night ...here it comes
this bagel taste like it is laced with crack. trash bagel...
this panini... reminded me how nice my right boot is
Why the fuck am I eating food off the floor? Bad acting career.
Oh, A movie? FUCK YOU ADAM SANDLER
Moved up in the Stack Rank Walter beyne still first
Será que o matrix foi so um filme ? ou sera que alguem pode estar agora a ler os meus pensamentos ?!
I am a pokemon master though Everyone still says it's an unacceptable reference on my resume
I used to not take Civ Pro class seriously. Now I'm Keanu Reeves
Andrew Janssens invited me to see a film at his He didn't turn the lights off
My Blazer and hiking boots is only acceptable because i was the star point break
at the pool yesterday,  i went to have a sneaky piss in the deep end lifeguard blew his whistle so hard I nearly fell in
Because ______ is bad...  and Keanu wants it to stop. 
just found out i am not the one
Don't know what submitter is referring to, no comments to help me figure out what's so WTF!
Went to a western bakery in Changsha ...........Spicy
did i remember to lock my door this morning? no
was big boss that stupid to kill his master? then again, i would have killed mine too
Wow that thing tastes like shit That's what she said last night...
Steve Daoud's birthday cake? no... Jim Carrey's
i guess dude i guess
Running out of meme ideas 
No one... ...uses my meme anymore.
This looked like a good sandwich ....it wasn't
DO I want the rest of this BIg mac? My body does
There's no fortune in this fortune cookie 
The Actors Guild want me. . .? to stop acting
I was told "moar low" guess ill just cut my springs
Fortune cookie say "you will find happiness... only in matrix"
Conversation is interesting Then it goes to OpChat
................... ..F
i used to eat like a king why cant they just make matrix sequels forever?
Filip kommer, Carl kommer, eric kommer, joha... jag stannar hemma
i got a text! email...
Today is my birthday noone wrote on my facebook wall
Да бев актер... И јас ќе протестирав.
I think my cake day is coming up I thought that meant my birthday.  8 months to go.
If a turtle doesn't have a shell...                                                                                             or naked? Is he homeless?
 this is amazing, why don't i eat this more often? oh yeah I'm allergic to it
Cool Chick Carol and Good Guy Greg hooked up. Everyone's sad now.
I shouldn't have called her that how did i get shoes?
Hey, somebody took a bite outta this... FUCK
Cool I got a Post On Facebook It's from Dudeoff
oh hey, modern warfare 3 came out wtf quickscoping? again?
Tried the Grilled Chicken at Barone Cottonmouth.
Got this great bench for pyro. canceled...
My post got 240 karma yesterday Somebody else got 1600 for it on a different subreddit today
girl i'm hanging out with thinks i'm cute she's ugly
subtly glance to the side to see if someone's sitting there still my trash bags
How I feel When @badboyboyce is taking a class from @teisenmann and I'm not
Excelsior? Sean Connery accents? Why wasn't I told about these inside jokes?
Can't wait to go on vacation with my girlfriend Dumped
I'm pretty sure... i just ate shit
I hope this is a melted goat cheese sandwich putain
This has nothing to do with Daniel Fucking sarah in the ass all the time
I always told them the truth before that I overslept and they believed it Today, again I still tell them the truth that I HAVENOT but they make fun out of it. Insanity! 
WHAT COULD BE WORSE THEN THIS BURGER I FOUND  ......MY ACTING
Oh is that extra meat on my manwich meh, just plastic
Ready aaand... ACT
   woah, i just one a free trip to disney land for two...  expired *checks date*
Neo can fly I can't...(flightless bird symbolism)
Is that bird shit? Fuck you chicken
A new movie offer? constantine sequel
My wife made me this sandwich for lunch today... I need a new wife
Kihz: Will you be my friend, sandwich? Sandwich: No, go kill yourself
QEPE??? ....un i thash mish patate salc kosi
I could have been somebody... then i went to york st. john
wow, a new trials. it has ticks in it.
A hair... so much for the nudist deli.
I knew it... I should have said blue.
I was in 'The Matix' and 'Speed' I didn't need to do 'The Lakehouse'
I hate birds. 
Ham and cheese.... I hate ham and cheese.....
Coupon for mennas expired yesterday
Liam Gallagher? ...Billie Joe Armstrong
why am i eating a fetus... last night didnt go well
shit, i'm out of pb&j 
Wanted to do philosophy found out I Kant
I love when they dont ban ammumu Teammate takes ammumu
I'm a dead meme? 
Only mayonnaise. 
It looks like angel has licked this.. Damn it.
banned from the caf? Nah they'll take me back, course they will. 
MESES HAVE GONE DOWN HILL since we cant make them about you know who 
he sits, haunted by memories of two terrible sequels "I never should have taken that red pill"
Woe? Woah.
I always told them the truth before that I overslept and they believed it Today, again I still tell them the truth that I HAVENOT but they make fun out of it. Stupid people. 
When something happens in South Central, nothing happens Just another nigga dead
Remembers that ran over cat on his street :'(
so, then i followed the white rabbit   I miss the matrix
*Checks trophy case* Dust
Someday, we'll look back at this and laugh. This is not that day.
I need this to last me a week ill save the rest
went on 4 dates with that eastern european barmaid  and she didnt blow anything off, not my socks or my dick..wish i had a yakult in this packed lunch yakult is full of good bacteria..hmmmm hakult 
 WTF is that? Yep, It was a hair...
what's worse, that my sandwich can talk.. or that it's a better actor than me?
Is this bread? i didnt order bread
whenever I go to read the comments, the butthole picture's already gone I just want to see the butthole once
I said no mayo 
dylan without emily 
Fortune Cookie? No Fortune
did i remember to put the handbrake on my car parked behind me? fuck
more blue links? TIL, circlejerk
duuuude! They Gave  me extra roast beef! whoahhhhhh!
did i forget the cheese for my grilled cheese again? yep
Unemployed? I was a finance major.... ...At a party school 
There is no Mods on
such a great sandwich.. WHERE THE FUCK IS THE MAYO??
i feel i forgot something? to delete my internet history.
is this from naz? yep
party on, sandwich. I miss Ted...
Hey, a fortune cookie! What's it say? Fuck, It's a bad fortune
I said "I played NEO"... not "add MAYO"
invitation to the lemon party? not again...
Sandwich?. . . i never get paid in trydent layers layers layers of flavor
Goes on a random person's profile on Facebook Kevin Magana is mutual friend
 I am gonna miss my reddit cake day.
Used to have a Successful Business Now am a mess
Pizza? quich...
spent hours meticulously arranging amazing playlist lost it all by accidentally clickling 'delete'
Amon amarth concert the black dahlia murder are opening 
I dont have a cat. I dont have a dog. I don't play video games. I'm not an atheist. I don't know wtf pokemon is. I've never watched Doctor Who. i hate spongebob and i think advice from a duck is about the dumbest thing ive ever heard of. what am i doing?
Tried asking out cool chick carol She's dating good guy greg
First slut hunt unsuccessful  Train bird, defeat sluts.
caducidad : 1 de junio  2002 catarro polaco seguro...
No way reddit could downvote my adorable puppy Fuck...
This is a great comment.  Maybe someone will put me on bestof. Who am I kidding ... no one is even gonna read this thread.
Girls love a chemistry phd... 
wAIT, DAVE ISNT GAY? THAT SUCKS :(
....I need to shit 
kings of leon was on other station but i chose to listen to ke$ha
McCormack went with Kylie and Michaela Stupid Fucker!
5$ footlong from subway is worth every penny that's the last of my paycheck til' next week
Yeah man, finally we got rid of Harvey. Go Dockers! Awwww fuck we got Ross Lyon instead. 
Accepted hamid's challenge.. lost by a long shot in the first draw... fml
Jesus I'm hungry Gill will kill me if I smudge my make-up
Fortune Cookie: Be nice to your litte sister, and pets Ian: :(
. . . . . . Why the fuck am I wearing boots?
Damn, that show was fun last night. I really wanna post but Miner hasn't shared his thoughts yet. Guess I just have to wait to post, no way I'm losing my street cred.
This Sandwich Is no Beach Burger
i have a great idea for a meme when i get home! forgot it already...
yess, scooby doo fruit snacks no blue ones
"Hi, This is Dan from Shaw cable" *dead air*
OMG! Free Anime! ...Not in Japanese
No way reddit will downvote my dog looking like simba fuck...
19 Pages of Battle Nations Memes! Not one mention of Gromper
College sure was fun. was.
This is the best sandwich my wife ever made me. Why did I kill her?
Still cant tell if thats a chicken <-or a bird.
This would be so much better.. if Jeff Robillard was here.
Wow Taste so good i may shave dude, Fuck math. Bummer im all most out of them..
fuck yeah, peanut butter and Jelly i hate grape
UGA and tech both have meme pages? maybe they can be civil to each other. Nope.
My life sucks  But at Least I'm not Dara 
I destroyed Agent smith Can't defeat this sandwich
Why am I wearing boots with a suit jacket 
Everypony is talking about episode 4 and how it revolves around Luna Nopony knows when episode 3 is coming out... and they care either. I can't wait for Episode 4. It's all about Luna!
I can't eat this I'm vegan  oh... it's peanut butter.
Made this kick ass magus... ...Ninja Bitch and Turbo Ginsu just kick ass.
Yay a sweet tin... sewing supplys...
Is that a hair? ...It's a Hair Cecily Danielle Megan Claudia
kan ykoun 7sn ktr koun ma kanch chakib tsouli admin
starts eating lunch packed by wife . . .  depressed because its not what you asked for . . .
wait, the clown has.... ....no penis...
El de jamon cuesta lo mismo que el de pierna? 
This is a realy good sandwich. too bad it isn't real... Damn... should of took the blue pill
So, Shor designed a circuit for the quantum Fourier transform (with Q = 2q) that uses just q(q − 1) / 2 = O((log Q)2) gates Fuck math.
This bird poop is fantastic Aww it was a twinkie 
Maybe I should have... taken the red pill...
Yes i can never wait for my daily jimmy jonhs sandwich they got subway.....
4s best phone ever Had it a week bored already
a Beer would be great with this ... Oh Shit Anna is  watching 
my sandwich has mayo on it hate mayo
I love Marmite Sandwiches That was my last jar
new cell phone delivery Not from Morpheus
Went to the new South Park food truck lot got tacos from the seven seas truck
I can't stop thinking about Mitts... 
You are THE ONE Fucking fortune cookies!
Can't get sick at work... ...Gets sick twice
ERMAHGERD!!! It's serd Keaneru
woah, there's a contest about spamming Shiva made it..
is this good? no its not
I love happy meals They forgot the toy
I could eat this lousy sandwich or  rockbridge  food
crap, did I hit "reply all"? yep, I hit "reply all"
hey, found a cool new npm module coffeescript
Cool, Batman rides a motorcycle. crotch rocket...
That was the fastest blunt ive ever smoked  im gonna need more food
El subway de jamon valia lo mismo que el de res... 
This sandwich doesnt taste so good... OH CRAP, that black guy gave it to me fuckin nigger....  
It's 6am. I missed the 10pm Karma train. 
"hey do you want to go to prom" "I'm going with kevin"
did victory really sign design the skyline? i dont want to live on this planet anymore.
QEPE??? ....un i thash mish patate salc kosi
THEST TOTINO'S PIZZA STUFFERS ARE DELICIOUS! too bad i'm so useless i cant even stuff one of these babies
Woah Woah..
Awesome! a school meme page! Oh...
               just one                     more bite... yup...just Shit my pants
It's got everything a body needs . . .  Well, not everything.
Animated memes are now a thing 
I love south ameristralians yeah, we're cunts
matt hasn't texted me back maybe he didn't like that fancy new coffee blend i bought.  hope he's ok.  Maybe i should bake him something.
Bought new camera... there is no zoom
Is that mayonaise : ) Mustard : (
Pssst, who needs her, I can make my own sammach! Damn . . . It's not the same
Must...Lift...hand... dammit!
Are those... sesame seeds...
The cable modem is down and I don't know how to fix it. But....I don't really care.
QEpe?!?!?! ... un i thashe mish patate salc kosi
there's an accent in Muhammad that you omit szp
i told them i had a gift card nobody came
I was a good Neo... but Will Smith would have been better
I know Kung-Fu No..No I don't
I want to play starcraft with my friend... :(
Pushed button Received hot air
Nih tim koar2 mulu di Spectre.. keknya tim kuat nih.. Coba Gua Cek, udah punya Badge Of Honour belum yah.... Bangke!!! Ternyata cuma 3 UCL nya..    
It doesn't matter what I want... I can't afford it anyways.
woah, there's a joke on my laughy taffy wrapper it's adam's name
There's still some scraps left... Damn, I wish I had a pottenlikker
my Life sucks... I'm canadian...
new meme posts on facebook mun memes
Valpo got an award It was for LAB band...
I can't act for shit. Awww, Now I'm so depressed I can't eat.
This is just as bad as my acting!
LET'S SEE IF ICGS STILL SHIPS W/ ROSIE3 
Tastes like my acting shitty
I was enjoying my bread on a bench but when I took an arrow to the knee... >>--    -->
hmm, maybe There is no sandwich... Fuck me
This cookie is pretty good, Bird, you don't get any.
A hug war? I wanna play Who wants to hug me?...
Hell Yea, NEw Chapter! .....Tyrion
wanted cake but... but left early
my agent should've called me by now 
11 days in Italy!! ...with no gym
Thought there would be iPhone 5 but these mo'fuckers presented the same iphone again...
the downside to egg salad... ...if I move, I shit my pants
hhmmm... i wonder hoe morpheus is doing...
Killing processes awwww yea! My mouse and keyboard don't work
Eating matzos Like a doss
wait... is it friday today? thursday
Date never shows up Decides to turn gay
esse pastel ta sem recheio ah foda-se !
Did i turn off the stove? wait, I'm homeless...
Check out who is this weeks cotw...  not me
excellent! ...not really
My tooth feels strange Tooth decay
Is this apple part of a simulated program created by an advanced race of robots? I was the one dammnit.
I thought they'd cast me as Harry in the one direction movie But they said I had to be zayn
sweet, Pizza friday mexican pizza
finally upvotes for posting a Stephen Fry AMA request better delete it before annoying the die-hards
kaniher menoj me pas qitu ja shum pom mungon anita
This has sour cream. Un. Fucking. Believable. I told them.. No. sour. cream.
I was once a college student... I still am
All I did was ask: "Why can't I eat in your Camaro?" Now I have to walk home.
Hmm...Good sandwich Fuck this is the matrix, not even real.
Wait a minute... . . . not again . . . This is made of wax.
When you eat a hamburger... and you bite into a rat bone.
Is that butter? No, I can't believe it
burrito burp
'spoon! spacehead!' but there is no spoon...
I missed my cake day Nobody likes my posts anyway...
coco's? 
i really shouldn't have raped that bitch she gave me std
Are those? sesame seeds...
Oh sandwich. only you understand me. too bad I'm eating you.
Sweet won first place Nickelback Tickets, fuck
I used to be an aventurer like you... but then i took an arrow to the knee
Had some great times with morpheus but i miss hanging out with bill
crying ronaldo was funny but he got deleted
became a scientologist no engrams
was it yesterday only when i was one-basing banshee owning in diamond league how could one deal with 4 base macro now....
the only thing that would make this day worse is a chicken walking past 
por mas que te especialices, jamas puedes trabajar solo Sighs!
Eu pensava que era mesmo o karrigan BUT NO ONE HAS CENTANITIES OF ALL
tl;dr #10char No one appreciates my irony
i wonder what it's like eating with my left hand?  it's really hard
I may be stupid... But at least I'm not as crazy as Mel Gibson
el elegido... este morfeo si se la fumo toda... paloma, paloma, paloma!
Oh! New interaction on Twitter? ...Labelled as a spammer
I am so hungry Student center food...
Pop tarts  tasted better in the matrix 
tuna salad? egg salad
Eating alone sucks Knew I should've checked out loveatschool.com
Your fortune... fucked
No se qué es peor... ...Que no haya regreso de Nagash o que salga su ficha en Tormenta de Magia...
OMG, this is really tasty damn that was good lamajew
Come to think of it... I've got a hole in my shoe! Oh, that's because I'm eating a piece of my shoe.
Aquilo foi um filme mesmo? Sera que eu deveria ter tomado a pilula azul?
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop i guess the world will never know
Cell Phone just vibrated... (rolls eyes) must be my imaginary girlfriend again.
On The Road movie! Kristen Stewart :(
I have a confession I went to catholic school
When I accidentally synced to my mom's Macbook  I wasn't even in her contacts.
and you know what they said, sandwich? they said it was my router.
Hey this is pretty good.. oh shit that bird  is back again...
How can he be the one ... if he's dead
I can't wait to tell my wife about that sandwich shop My wife is dead
Tomato soup would go great with this sandwhich I have no soup....
tl;dr #10char No one gets my irony
kan ykoun 7sn bla chakib tsouli
I thought I was just a fast runner. Maybe I am a racist
HoHo!!!! ...Little Debbie Knockoff 
Wasn't there was something important I had to do today? Shit. It was yesterday.
And then she told me this had crap inside How was i supposed to know? I ordered chocolate burrito...
well at least i'm not staying at home doing nothing . . . . . 
Can't believe when I synced accidentally  my iPhone to my mom's MacBook I wasn't even in her Contacts.
*glances at watch* Damn, I think I ate my watch.
The crust is the best part! If you're homeless
i think i just had a taco shit in my pants yep , it happend
Second to last bite of Jack in the Box Ultimate Cheeseburger Remembers he gave up meat for Lent.
I miss the old times, Bill... damn, your stepmom was so hot
I got drunk on bashing xyz but i was just compensating for my own self-doubt
Fucking uncly... era meglio l'Istanbul kebab ma perche sono andato via
PEDACOS DE CHOCOLATE? MEH. PASSAS
I just wanted to see if I was the only  tech doing it ..and, of course, I am... 
POPCORN!!! Smartpop
Това е единствената яка тема в целия форум...
doesn't matter what i order they always give me neopolitan
He said I was like James May Sometimes words hurt
I have A photographic memory, but I'm all out of film.
They said everything would be alright I got raped that day
Bit own tongue disappointed in self
Wanted to go to potlatch as  The Meme Team That name was already taken
Saved Sandra Bullock's life on that bus she went on a cruise with somebody else
my fortune cookie says i will have my last dream come true! shit my last dream was about taking a dump in a public restroom
Hey, a note from Mom... She moved outta town.
whats in this? oh. shit. 
Shit sandwich? shit sandwich
Push Tryndamere to your tower He insta kills you and rages off
Sad Keanu heard Amber is having a bad day 
your the one he said should have took the blue pill
damn i'd tap that ass nope just vanda
I hope this sandwich doesn't have any gluten yep, i feel like shit
Wait... This is kaplan's chode
I love karma. no new up-votes.
We're done with finals... Spring break is in a week
Maybe Gordon will pair program today... he is gone on vacation
So I'm mad? Then I should've thrown my sandwhich at you.
QEpe?!?!?! ... un i thash mish patate salc kosi
I really miss her... . . . But she gave me nothing to remember her by but Syphlis.
Other memes of me? This shit fucking sucks.
Fuck yeah! I made it through the holidays and valentines day, single. I saved so much money!  But I'm still so sad. 
Downvotes Or no votes at all
Did they put shit in this again? 
Espero que Jean Y josue no se tarden tanto Fijo no iban a venir...
nuk eshte  mish patate salc kosi?? ... lidhjes tone i erdhi fundi
be pagan + worship gods + praise tradition + criticize "pagan-pop" crap be banned and censored by your kinship
Finally, people at Wiess want to hang out. I'm 2000 miles away. 
This toaster strudel is missing something Damn Scumbag Steve took all the frosting
WYLD STALLYNS could have been huge
So Mike Miller is fired? I'll finally have someone to chill with.
I wonder what Matias is gonna go. Ad Bruiser Lux
Just realized it's my Cake Day! At 4:54pm.
Hmmm die Tim maakt veel Meme's I dont get it
aaron wants to be just like me 
I can't believe it's not butter. I need a girlfriend.
when I was a  kid I used to... no, wait.   I still do that...
fuck yeah, new Laneira meme's None about Maurice
fuck yeah, cinnamon toast crunch No, just golden grahams
This tastes like a hobo jacked off into... God damn you Stifler. 
Spring Break is coming up but there aren't any psychos going...
this is good but i just farted 
Mayo? No Mayo...
Yum Beef! Its raw..
Is that my phone? Sorry that's me!
such a lonely day should be banned
DID MOTHER MAKE ME A SAUSAGE SANDWICH? no ketchup.....
MMM, tuna Fuck off bird
Remember me? I used to be your favourite Keanu meme.
Notifications!?!?! Jae's Page
whate, if im here now ....where art tho ?
I paid a visit to Westwood They told me to shave . . .
date a blonde they said... they do it better they said...
PISS CLOUD? Man,I JUST GOT THROUGH ASS CLOUD.
oh man... shouldn't be having a  beach burger during Slave...
he said get one of my friends that was close to my skill level all my friends are way better than me
So I'm mad? Should i have thrown my sandwich at you?
Takes the red pill Wishes he would have stayed in Matrix.
If i throw bread crumbs on the ground,the birds just might..... Whoa
i use to be funny what the hell happend
WHOA. I SHOULD STOP EATING AND GO TAKE A SHIT. TOO LATE.....
beat the paper deadline didn't remove author info in MS-Word
Wait a minute, this doesn't have the halal sticker on it! well, I'm going to Hell
Is that a pubic hair? ...It's a pubic Hair
Huh... Don't regret missing Tahoe
O pastor tem mansoes e carros importados ora, entao por que eu estou ficando cada vez mais pobre? seu freezer esta repleto de picanha e file mignon ouvi falar que ele esta investindo em acoes seus filhos estao em intercambio nos EUA 
I finally got a girl's number, let me just see.. I lost it
i was standing in line to the cash machine and this old lady asked me if i could check her balance. so i pushed her over
my name is pj but I've never worn pjs
To be or not to be.
whoa, i just found bag of peanuts. score! Unsalted.
Did i leave my xbox on? fuck, my dad's gonna be piiiiised
Is everything expensive...? or am I just poor?
It's old memes day, I wonder if sad keanu is there nope
I love chocolate chip cookies oatmeal raisin...
That bitch didn't take the crust off 
I told her to make me a sandwich Now I'm sleeping on this park bench
Shit I'm pregnant
Hm, half of a Taco. You know what I say to that bird... Challenge Accepted!
i want a friend i can be your friend
APO recruitment is over? I guess I'll have to wait till next semester
Chiefwarlord just kicked me for having a lost E-Score I knew I shouldn't have made all those hideouts
I paid a lot of money for this sandwich now If only i could pay someone to raise my k.d. in Arena
Point Break part 2 ???? Speed 3???  Whoa... I'm Screwed
I don't remember putting May... ...Fucking bird.
I used to be the one <--now he is
I AM WORTH MILLION$ EVERY WOMAN WANTS ME EVERY MAN WANTS TO BE ME BUT I AM AN IGNORANT DOUCHE WHO CAN'T ACT AND I HAVE A SMALL PENIS WHAT IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE
Oh, yay, falafel  I hate falafel
fortune cookie; "your moronic co-star's success will confound you for the rest of your days" i got alex winters' fortune by mistake.
This Choco Taco is delicious I literally just pooped myself
Got 2 up votes... 3 down votes...
*sees lawrence* *looks away* missed my chance... 
Tasty Im full
Fuck, it's stuck in my teeth.   knew i should of grabbed a damn toothpick. 
There's still some scarps left... Damn, I wish I had a pottenlikker
Did I lock my car? Whatever its right behind me... Shit. Should've locked it
Sure i get to eat this sandwich, but what about after i'm done Guard duty
hmm, rice porridge? shit, it's just haggis.
hm.. no............
Agent called Leonardo got the part
Dick Cheney received a heart transplant? 
there's a hair in my sandwich how many did i eat before i noticed this one...
I just wanted to be internet famous but paparazzi are dicks about copyright 
Man that Mango guy is a dick. Maybe he's right though.  Maybe I don't think for myself......
Went to Subway to get this Sandwhich Realized there was no Pickles
Can wait to tryout my new earphones! damn these suck......
pake meme apa ya berikutnya... ah forget it..i'll go watch porn..
liz and jake arent dating yet 
Woah Ivans gettin trolled
Damnit, all I have is this stale bread... ...since Wegmans quit stocking my medjool dates.
i win a car... a toy car...beeb beeb
Thought you were my ride or die bitch nope....just a bitch
Checked the first few pages of Reddit this morning No boobs
 . . . Edinborough
 
having sex, i forgot how it feels maybe using my dildo counts too?
 
What was I eating again? ...whatever...
oh my! chris smith's written a new riff! it's mars volta
dad wants to go fishing this weekend!  but i've got homework to do
Mi a rak ez, feher paprika?? 
 why did i take the red pill...
Shit Martel crossed
Fuck. I shouldn't have quit Josh rosenblum band
I love poultry sorry..
Our inability to be good   will continue to keep from us becoming a good football team
Chiefwarlord just kicked me for having a low E-Score I knew I shouldn't have had all those hideouts
Well, at least I wasn't in 'The Lake House,' right? ...SHIT
hate paparazzi invisible mode: on invisible mode:  off
This reminds me of my childhood excruciatingly lonely.
sleep. the americans need sleep.
I clicked everything on reddit today Now I got to wait until tomorrow for more
I better tell Vaidas that he makes good pizza before he leaves forever....
I love hopping on karma trains missed it due to blackout...
Where is tha Bathroom? There is no bathroom...
this is turkey, not PB&J fuck it
That joke I just made..... I dont even get it
This sandwhich is fantastic... Fuck, I forgot to invite Ryan.
duh ga kepikiran mo bikin meme apa.. feck it..i'll go watch porn
All I really want is to see a bird. Anal beads
Kieran drank his own cum? Jesus christ
ironically I was actually happy to just take a break and eat a sandvich then "sad keanu" meme caught on...
I've never lost a game as Skeleton King - Mar. 
Hell yeah, fortune cookie. "Death. Lucky numbers, 6, 66, 666"
Awww Yes my favorite sandw... ...Fuck it's moldy 
Hey Teabag Dunk Dunk
I thought Hardball wasn't bad.. 
I have 100Millions$ and i buy this shitty sandwich from 7 eleven what life is about...
I was Neo, dammit! 
I remember waiting for my 3rd year results Then I got them
if "Henry's crime" doesn't finish my career...  ...Reddit will.
that was a nice sandwich god damnit ill miss him
 Today is my birthday...
Tastes wrong shouldn't have under tipped
Will you go to Heaven when you die? Here’s a quick test. Have you ever told a lie, stolen anything, or used God's name in vain? Jesus said, "Whoever looks at a woman to lust for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart." Have you loo
was it meant to be currency? Ugh, it's just a Federal Reserve note.:(((
Sad is just one smile away from denying reality
Someone took my Headphones that makes me a sad keanu
Thinks There is a finitary Consistency proof of Arithmetic.   Finds out about Godel's Incompleteness Theorems.
6th in baseball! 2nd last in own division ..
Go to 52nd ranked law school graduate from 69th...
Old memes are coming back? When did I become old?
What the hell is in this thing? Why can't I fucking remember
Eric thought he grew taller last week 
if to find the meaning of life is to give life meaning, why can't i? fucking baloney.
Can wait to try out my nee earphones! Damn these suck...
is that? yep its bird shit
killed too many processes So sad.
 but i hate banana bread...
woah, a note on the bench wet paint
139 calories, 12 grams of carbs, 6 grams of protein,  16 grams of... total fats.  Fuck, no cake tonight.
From: Burning Man Tickets "We're really sorry..."
Is it a potato? nae...Det va den inte.
I love chocolate chip cookies! made with chickpeas
Hey, I made it to the second page once Once
I was going to University but I didn't work for Haribo
I think this "sand" was pretty fucking hot...... better keep it to myself until miner gives it a huge write up
After this last bite I am gonna have a big dump in one of the pottys back there.
Fuck. I shouldn't have quit Josh rosenblum band
FUCK!!! I WISH I WAS SAM SHINDELL!!!
spelled definitely wrong? just another thing i've failed
This forum looks real interesting, if only I'd have an account. But what if they dont like me.
Subscribes to playstation plus for 1 year... Spends most of year playing PC games.
woke up just in time for chapel broken fobs?
Hmm...that would be great for r/funny imgur is down
What a delicious sandwich! Shit. Ekadasi.
The patriots recovered a fumble in field goal teritory to win the game They missed the field goal
This tastes good But I shit my pants.
mm, surprisingly tasty! but world hunger exists.
I slept over at slippy's last night He totally raped me
saw the cove dolphin's died
Fuck, it's stuck in my teeth.   knew i should of grabbed a damn toothpick. 
i used to eat like a king why cant they just make matrix sequels forever?
IT WAS A GREAT TORUNAMENT. I WONDER HOW IT FEELS TO WIN...
Sidney?! Is that you!!?! nope...just a fucking sandwitch
opponent says i beat him with rage comic he forgets 10 minutes later
El ultimo trozo de delfin ¿A quien se la voy a comer ahora?
this candy isn't half bad too bad it cost 7 dollars
Some poser walked up to me and handed me a hot pocket So I threw it on the ground!!
 Martell crossed...
Am i still neo... Nope
dumped you for a slut now you're engaged
Don't take the red pill 
i leik chicken burgers....  : .oh look a chicken .
I wish I were an oscar meyer weiner ...That is what I truly want to be
I just need  to relax ... out of weed.
Finally, Harvey is gone. We're a chance to be succesful. Go Dockers!  Awwwwwwww fuck, Ross Lyon. 
KBh er helt kold og klam Og Kluden lukker snart.
Doughnut? Creme filled.
just got that girl's number only 7 digits...
Recon, hell yeah No mortar strike
who say that? oh, keanu say that
Truck for sale? Just the Bull bar...
Sesame Seeds? This day can eat a bag of dicks.
You're my only friend tuna sandwich. Foreveralone...
god damn it that was the last of the 'za
This does not taste like mayonaisse... Note to self: never get in an argument with a deli owner...
This does not taste like mayonaisse... Note to self: never get in an argument with a deli owner...
she said she wasn't gonna have sex with me anymore.  I said "no problem, I understand " wtf?
Cool a fortune cookie . Bitches love fortune cookies .
this sandwich is actually pretty good but i wish  i fucking knew  what kind of bird  that is
sports jacket, jeans, and hiking boots fuckin did it again
i miss bill fuck.
What just landed on my sandwich? That bird pooped on it. Haters Gonna Hate
Act happy? I am happy..
Found a $100 bill in my pocket it's due in three days
she said I left her in the dark but i was dropping her off
this is nice im to fat to eat 
It's just not fair Now everyone thinks I'm a conspiracy theorist...
Help Frost with a friend It's his new girlfriend
This sammich my Girlfriend made is ok but its just not mommas...
Love me a sandwich on lunch break .....its fuckin bologna
Last bite of bacon sandwich has no bacon in!
I Think we can win derby days Wait, we're competing against theta
Yes I finally have lunch early on a Friday Its Lent
these days, routing through the trash is all i have. oooh! a fortune cookie!!! i cant eat it....its got poo on it.
Is this sandwich real? ...fuck it the matrix is over
Hop Garden And Radiohead
Hey look! Someone wrote their name on one of my old movies in sharpie. I can return it to them!  "Sad, Keanu..." They didn't forget 
...this shroom sandwich isnt bad... ...I am tripping balls
"Your fortune: more bad acting" So these things DO work
Our inability to have some balance in our offense   will continue to keep from us becoming a good football team
wah dapet alamat nih ah sialan, alamat palsu ternyata
kan ykoun 7sn koun makanch chakib tsouli admin
fuck yeah, free range quail Um,              your mom will be back soon little guy
Mom packed pudding... Gave me a fucking fork.
*christmas songs playing* physics final 
Abe Lincoln is on the $1.00 bill, America gets a day off. John A. MacDonald  is on the $100.00 bill, Canada gets cold.
Oh a fortune cookie 'You will gain weight and move to Hamilton'
Chocolate Chip cookies in the commons!!! Raisins...
have a blind date and she's never seen any of  my movies. She's really blind.
ORDERS mcdonalds no ketchup
I just bought this great new phone! it's a banana
Let me check how old my account is 366 days...crap
All I really want is to see a bird. Well. Now I have nothing left to live for.
got real baked... cant go home
The matrix is not real, this sandwich is invalid damn
i'd only heard of lady ga ga then i listened to her music
Whoa the Pontoon trip is this Saturday ...but Special K isn't going
Can't wait to check the scoreboard fucking autodraft...
Created throwaway Account Already has more karma than real account
kayaknya gua emang lotre nih halah kalah lagi
keep computer systems running without errors on shoestring budget management think techs do nothing and want to downsize
this is just interesting enough to keep my attention now i'm sad
this sandwich is great! the only thing that could ruin it would be if some bird walked by 
"Ahhh last bite of sandwich then back to real life." Remembers he's not really neo
I went to South Station again I still can't find Platform 9 & 3/4 
Semen? Mayonnaise. 
Did I leave the stove on? Yes...
New text? Broke up with me again...
What if we're stuck in a circle of events... Void of choice?
едрёна вошь только одну подблюдную песню  
Threw out my soup because i didn't have a spoon I could have drank it.
they said ib was a great opportunity ruined my life...
1,536 Upvotes Self-Post
unc is going to win the fucking title this year motherfuckers
Nickey Minaj made a new song! bees in a trap
Front page, not bad r/adviceanimals
Vente a Andago, me dijeron... tendras futuro
mm, surprisingly tasty! still unable to end world hunger.
mm, surprisingly tasty! but doesn't end world hunger.
maybe i throw my hand in the air like i just don't care ...g baby is dead
I wonder what its like to rape a burrito...? ehh, i will try later
I ordered a Galaxy TAB No new phone for a year now
this sandviche wants me to kill them all?
I met a fortune teller today. She told me that I'm gonna star in 'The Lake House 2.'
Coulda swore I ordered tuna... I'VE BEEN HAD.
Theres meat on this... I'm Vegetarian..
Dude... There is something funny about this taco... that bird just flew out of my taco! Wait... mcdonalds doesn't sell tacos! this is not real chicken... Damn you dollar menu!!
First-world sammich Together we are bi-winning
Damn Bitch I wanted the blue pill
I wanted Lemon Coolers, but had to settle for Lemonades. Damn Girl Scouts.
SAD KEANU IS SAD HAS TO BE IN A WEDDING INSTEAD OF GOING TO DREAMFORCE
hey, this app looks neat os x 10.7 only
it's my cake day wait, I'm not funny
Reddit introduces hats... Guess I am not working today
if mcdonalds tells me im lovin' it but i still feel like shit
took a claritin sneezed all day
this piece kinda looks like a vagina who am i kidding, i forgot how it looks anyways
Stick in there Michael! Just 43 years til retirement...
I'm homeless should have only done the first Matrix
this panini... would taste so much better with a dart in it
Oh look a notification! Someone edited the answer wiki...
I love Sleeping in the day after formal daylight savings time...
Half  a worm.? Damn it.
this isn't the sandwich i ordered now my whole day is ruined
Is this actual reality  We're Probably in a container  being fed the dead remains  of humans by robots while at the same time being turned into batteries
There's no way I could have done my life points wrong, unless... Fuck... he lied.
i have to play theDoomowl fuckballs
This job really makes me think ...about how unhappy i am.
moombah... lost my fuckin appetite.
my internet works... most of the time.
Bite, chew, swallow and repeat Too complicated for me
I love sandwiches Just bread
Waiting to have fun at home on reddits exciting new game. Its over.
Wasn't there was something important I had to do today? Shit. That was yesterday.
maybe i throw my hand in the air like i just don't care ..g baby is dead
Told them i was going to get food  Dont want to play L4D2
Tried talking to Amy All i got was katie
Did josh crap in this? ..He crapped in this
One of my pant legs is above the top of my boot. the other is below. Awkward.
tried to build amazing redstone thing with 100s of wires wolv does it in 5 blocks
My friends had a real good time at the club but i fell asleep
Why aren't you guys sitting in the moot court? Ryan kicked us out
Steve Died iSad
oh hey, modern warfare 3 came out wtf quickscoping?... again?
YOu don't have to be forever alone... join the Social Committee for $25!
i wonder what morrissey is doing right now. i wonder if he's lonely.
This would be so much better If JJ wans't on our team
what happens to all the damaged apples I pick over at the grocery store? I hope someone  is dumb enough to buy them
is this the matrix? no.
So should I eat this food a mysterious stranger gave me? Huh, remember last time you did that?
what if i could go back in time and eat this delicious snack over again from the beginning? i miss phone booths
Couldn't tell if it was chocolate It wasn't
Made a meme! scared of downvotes, doesn't post.
this twinkie is delicious 
went on 4 dates with an eastern euroean barmaid  got nothing and haven't been to the gym in ages...wish i had a yakult in my lunch
When Joseph gets a haircut... Why does he still look like he needs one...
last movie i was in was a romantic comedy i miss trinity
Meanwhile, back in the matrix... *verrrrrrrrrnnnnnntttttt*
 ...what the fuck did I do last night
is that bird shit?.. fuck my life..
Im really horny and she says she wants to wait I guess its you and me tonight lefty
This doughnut reminds me of my movie career Sure was sweet while it lasted 
WAIT There's mayo
this bread  is amazing 
After someone hacked my hotmail account, and stole my bank details i am bankrupt I should of listened to the wolfpack and got gmail
I eat nuggets here and here
RECESSION OH YES, I'M KEANU
 I just shit myself...
all this time wondering about simlif nothing.
i can't fucking believe i forgot to buy those fucking depeche mode tickets. nice job, keanu.  real smooth.
Oh sweet, a fortune cookie  I can't read
I was gonna get a canned soup instead of this bread, but then i realised... there is no spoon
I wonder if my memes will get me popular again Who am I kidding? Nothing I do anymore is popular
why did i invest... ... in the melt
Tries to connect phone to PC Puk-locked
Should I have gone to Fall Retreat? Yeah, I should've
wanted soup but... Wicked Success - why only women?
mm, surprisingly tasty! but what about world hunger?
maybe i should flail my arms in the air g baby is dead
Piece of sandwhich, What secrets do you hold? well shit, I was supposed to be at work right now
No se que es peor... ...Que no haya regreso de Nagash o que salga su ficha en Tormenta de Magia...
Damn this sandwich is good I wish i had another one
Forgot the mayo 
I love my mother's food! Oh shit, this is not my mother's food!
So this is what it was like to take the red pill.  Maybe I could've been a good actor with the blue one
It could be worse... Damn I forgot to get a drink
I used to have sex with hot women now I can only have sex with this sandwich
Did I turn the stove off? 
Text message!?         just Facebook
What's that little guy? you don't like the way I chew? Everyone's a critic.
Which seems to be delicious? Son, mam, daddy.
nice a cake From Woodbridge
The Eagles have to fire castillo and reid right? no who am i fucking kiddin that makes way too much sense
New guided by voices? whiskey ships
Free nude chat rooms? needs credit card number
the bruins could sweep the rangers or just bring it back to boston...
Good sandwich tastes like... Aww shit
I maybe stupid... But at least I'm not as crazy as Mel Gibson
That Marcus works so hard to make his place great, then someone comes along and steals his ideas What an arsehole
tried talking to mer nada
I know this sandwich probably isn't real Fuck it ignorance is bliss
IS THIS KEAnu reeves sausage? nope.
I use to have a tracker. Now I just idle at other peoples.
I bet all my money Matrix Revolutions would win an Oscar
Why do they keep making fun of me i just have a nasal problem
 I will miss walking on to a photochemical film set. It has a magic to me. 
got a sandwich from the marky i miss entourage
 If only...
A Beer would go well with this  Oh F** ANNA`s WATCHING 
I think I can win against  Eddie WTF was I thinking..
I'm so glad i turned of the oven before i left ... Did i turn it off?
are arsenal playing 541 d?!! Ashby wont be happy
Hey I'll have a nice cup of tea after this No milk
30 minute meeting today Guess this week is shot
okay, so .. they said the peanutbutter is supposed to help the taste but... holy shit...did that ant just smile at me?
No se que es peor, que no haya campaña de Nagash... ...o que salga su ficha en Tormenta de Magia.
THIS FUCKING SANDWICH TASTES LIKE SHIT !! IF I HAD MORE BREAD, I WOULDN'T HAVE TO EAT SO MUCH SHIT...
Ask Perfectly legitimate question on stack overflow Get downvoted to hell
Eid today in Qatar Thinking about porn
Oh Cool Someone E-mailed me Nevermind it was just Unseth.
time to play sc2  but whats the point
I wish i had taken that helpdesk job in indiana...  Would have been a smart career move
Bishop said he'll never judge a batlle again ....But hell still be at the events
I told him to come here 10 minutes ago hey, there you are
*I can impress this sandwich with words* "............"               I fucking blew it.
This is Ted He misses Bill
1997   2012 Caption 3 goes here
Reminded of 6th Period APUSH
Turn on Adult Swim King of the Hill is on
Ini bisa bikin lo suka sama gue kaga ya? Gatot Kaca, I Need your help..
got to the top five still behind a post from /r/atheism
Arsenal signed yaya yaya sanogo
Damn that show was fun but why the fuck hasn't miner posted his review. I mean I guess I could share my thoughts but what if he says the opposite?!?! Fuck it, I'm not losing my street cred, I'll just play it cool and not post till he does. 
Is this actual reality  We're Probably in a container being fed the dead remains of humans by robots while at the same time being turned into batteries
Oh shit bone are back together no they are not...
eS really done? eS really done.
this sandwich tastes funky james brown
Was it the blue pill or red pill i should've taken? Goddamn red pill
fuck yeah, pop-tarts have to give to sidewalk
They call them fingers but... I've never seen them fing
Finally got backup! Trainees
Someone made a Hawaiian joke with me in it Spelled "Hawaiian" wrong * Not spelled with a " ' " in it since it isn't a Hawaiian word
Actually, Filipino food isn't too bad ...somethings happening
No more twinkies?! Damn you Mayans...
I couldn't buy the best deal car I so badly wanted I travelled 90 miles for it, Got insurance quotes on the way, got vehicle inspection done, but didn't plan enough to withdraw money before the bank closed
The matrix is not real, this sandwich is invalid damn....
This sandwhich probably isnt real Fuck it ignorance is bliss
maybe she really likes me for who I am damn it, that bitch just drained my bank account. 
I joined VOLume Now look at me.
ich dachte halb 8 acid proof wo sind die denn alle ..
Thinking of a witty and positive reply to Amie's new job ...nothing
She gave me all 7 digits she was a hooker
 I bet they spit on my burger at McDonalds because I was rude in the drive-thru  Yeah...they definitely did.
What a delicious lunch too bad there was no spoon
eggshell in my mcmuffim fucking mcdonalds
had a great post in /adviceanimals Only comment is the quickmeme transcriber
obama is doing an ama reddit is under a heavy load right now, sorry.
she said she had a "coke bottle figure" 3 litres...
It got so many comments so fast.. why did no one upvote it..
i asked for a turkey burger... and they give me beef.
Wait, the other ones were so crispy... Oh shit, I gave the best ones to the beggars...
man,  I gotta do something about this maybe later
I'm Ron Burgundy? Damn fortune cookies and their insight.
This fortune cookie Has no fortune inside it.
Chiefwarlord just kicked me for having a lost E-Score I knew I shouldn't have had all those hideouts
Could be worse I could've been Spanned!
DOSTAŁLA SIMSY POD CHOINKE OD GWIAZDKI DOJADAM KANAPKI PO BEZDOMNYCH
anto's memes are better than mine dammit
Man, this story is kind of hot and interesting.  Oh shit, nevermind...
i'll rewatch the series from the beginning to fill the void My god! they're all going to die!
I feel like... I've had this sandwich before.
 . . . boston.
SANDVICH MAKE ME... ...sad
they say a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush i guess a bird on the concrete means life sucks
aadi sanwatichat elfool bta3et 3am sa3d emta ba2a ye2felo elma5rooba de
i'm gonna get the sentinels in the playoffs and annabelle will love me martel crossed.
this would taste much better with coke zero... damn you not-alkalizable  sugar free coke.
I wonder if Brito got my text about all the duck i got? O he's still an asshole
alright a a co work wants to talk about cinema  sarcasm 
It's all so clear  to me now Too bad i can't communicate it to  anyone else
This Facebook Group is going to be so efficient ...you can upload memes
fuck yeah, no line at taco cabana shit its that girl that doesn't know what shes doing
A city is no place for an ole
oh boy! a party! it's at my house..
This is pretty good could of had less beard taste
I spent all of my rent on this sandwich Doesn't even taste good
AM I DOING GREAT WORK? NO
Cool I got an E-mail, Might be something funny Nevermind, it's just from Bert.
I will miss walking on to a photochemical film set. It has a magic to me.   It feels important and intense. In a way, death is present in the rolling of that film – we live, right now – and the director says: "Cut". And that moment in time is 
/b/ is down where can i be a newfag now?
Is there chipotle mayo on this sandwich? There is...
i told my ex-wife and her millionaire husband that all i wanted was a chance to learn how to fish they laughed and gave me some Red Lobster left overs
reuben sandwich ...with turkey
I love the Amazing Race! I'm on Jule's team...
Tries to write Lister essay a day early Kids make a facebook group and post 200 hilarious memes about highschool teachers
I love pies from the dairy by aries ice cold in the middle...
Pond Life! 54 seconds...
Trains for up to 12 hours a day for 3-4 months... JUST TO SIT IN A DESK...
Applied at a German pet shelter to adopt dog Worker tells me my German language skills are not good enough! (WTF) 
