I broke into a house to get a white girl who my neighbor had been holding prisoner for years.
I'd tap that crosswalk button to ensure the safest possible passage across the street
Pass me my 9mm I Didn't Realize these Bolts were Metric
BROUGHT HOME SOME HOES AND WEED REMOVER TO KEEP MY LAWN IN TIP TOP SHAPE
I jacked that lady's car up so i could change the flat tire
YO hablo espanol
I have five kids from five different mothers because i feel adoption is the greatest gift you can give another human being, especially if you have the resources to provide.
I was beaten by a bunch of cops in that charity 5k road race
get out and give me your car keys now! you're not driving drunk on my watch
I hate that nigger was taken out of huckleberry finn. it completely undermines the context of the times. 
I do crack a smile every time I get home from work and see my kids
Give me a blunt Assessment of this quarter's figures
Fuck the police I prefer sting's solo albums
Now that I found this weed I'm going to go grab a 40 ounce bottle of roundup and see if I can't kill it before my daughter's garden party
I taught my son how to roll his first joint venture's profits over into a tax-deferred IRA to avoid excessive capital gains taxes
My wife is pregnant so i left her some strawberry ice cream in the freezer because it's her favorite
My wife and I got into an argument, so I shot her a text from work apologizing for raising my voice.
I beat my pregnant wife to the car, so i could open the door for her
i run these streets for my early morning exercise routine
I'm going to bash these crackers which will function as substitute croutons for this delicious Mediterranean bisque 
i beat my children everytime we play jenga.
let's get some weed killer so we can win the neighborhood garden contest.
i cant feed my children that crap from mcdonalds
The new successful guy they hired is white? Better shoot him a friendly email welcoming him to the office.
I just served three years In the peace Corps
I never knew my father had such a diversified portfolio
That's the man I shot 3 under par with yesterday
Let's get high Grades on our finals
This morning i had a blunt conversation with my son about his speeding ticket
that ass is fly fishing without a valid permit
You came to the wrong neighborhood You'll want to get back on the highway and take the 3rd exit next to the Exxon
My six children have six different Mother's Day cards for my wife
I'm gonna leave my wife and kids all my wealth when I die
i don't allow crackers in my house they have too much sodium and very little nutritional value
Let's all get high grades on our finals
I got 99 problems Correct out of 100
once you go black you never go back i don't even put sugar in anymore
I served 10 years behind bars The tips were great and you get to me a lot of interesting people
I can't feed my children That crap from mcdonalds
I just finished cutting up a pound of assorted cheeses for my dinner party
What did you just say? How about I shoot you A text because the reception in this building is awful right now
I served four years in the Army, was a Squad Leader for the 25th Infantry Division and Received an Honorable Discharge
free o.j. and muffins in the back of the conference room for those attending the executive meeting
Everyday I'm Hustling between work and my kid's soccer practice
listen up, nigger is a word i will not tolerate being used in my company as long as i'm ceo
From the hood To the fenders, he keeps his Prius spotless.
My bitch got pregnant And now she's having puppys
OJ didn't do it for my son, so we switched to apple juice. What a picky eater he is!
I got 99 problems out of a 100 right on my last exam.
I CAN't READ the bible without cracking up
had to pull out my 9 iron and chip it on the green 
Tonight I'm gettin baked lays, because they have significantly  less sodium and fat
Give me a blunt Assessment of this quarter's figures
I don't allow my daughter around those crackers she's allergic to gluten
I Pick Cotton because polyester irritates my skin
i need a joint savings account so my wife and i can prepare for our son's education
i shot a cop an email thanking him for serving and protecting the community
I'm still voting for Obama because he's black and white on the issues. It isn't clear where Romney stands.
I'm going to jail if I roll another 5 in Monopoly
i can't feed my family that unhealthy fried food
You came to the wrong neighborhood it looks like your friend lives on the other side of the golf course.
i rolled everything i had into a joint bank account that includes my wife's name
I'm going to get fried chicken and grape soda off the school lunch menu and replace it with healthier alternatives.
Damn Girl Back that UP or you will lose all your files
I rolled a joint bank account into an annuity with a great interest rate
I left my pregnant wife a dozen roses on the kitchen table this morning just to show her that I love her and support her.
I left my pregnant girlfriend chocolates and a new novel before leaving for work today.
I never knew my father was such a prominent figure during the civil rights movement
I'm gonna cut you a check for that charity. It sounds very worthwhile 
I drive drunk Friends home from the bar so they don't have to pay for a cab
I'm a blood donor
I'm going in and out of jail all the time to teach business classes to convicts
imma cut you some slack because it is your 1st day on the job
where are all the G's at? we've been playing scrabble for over an hour and I haven't seen a single one
If you run, I will shoot  you An E-mail with advice on how to properly conduct your first election compaign
I don't have a job opening for my son at the practice. It's time he learns how to fend for himself.
You can't use that, that's OUR word Our corporation's marketing division has a copyright on it.
I got Arrested DEVELOPMENT ON DVD
Die pig! Die! Damn, Angry Birds is tough. 
DOing life in prison for murdering the beat
i'm always at the club playing golf with my clients
i never knew my dad was so talented at golf
I got arrested Development: seasons 1-3
OJ didn't do it for me this morning, so i had a glass of ovaltine afterwards. 
i always pack heat pads for our ski trip to the aspen
I'm GONNA SHOOT YOU AN EMAIL ABOUT MONDAY'S PRESENTATION
I'm going to cut off your face book privileges if you don't do your homework
i keep getting arrested development suggested in my "watch now" queue.
Hand over your car keys You've had one too many drinks
I have never read a book more finely crafted than the great gatsby
I'm gonna smoke some trees because you can smoke trees and be successful too.
Everyone got quiet when I pulled out my glock -enspiel at the company holiday party
I'm gonna cut you some slack cause you're new to the office
i left my kids $20 for pizza since I know my business meeting will run late tonight.
I didn't know my dad was valedictorian until i found an old yearbook
I just made a shank of lamb with a rosemary mint marinade. the risotto will be another ten minutes, so help yourself to the hors d'oeuvres.
I keep it real quiet  after 9 so I don't wake the neighbors
Beats his wife to the door so he can open it for her
Nothing is better than a blunt conversation with your children about the danger of drugs
I left my wife and kids a healthy breakfast before I went to the gym
I always beat my wife to the car so i can open the door for her
I got arrested development on blu-ray
I will cut you some slack on this week's earnings report
Let's shoot up Those 4th quarter profits in order to appease our shareholders
Took two bitches home because the pound said they would put them down if nobody adopted them
i still support oj as a healthy alternative to soda in our schools
i've never seen my son get a bad grade on one of his exams
you just hate me because i'm black listing your company from any future business deals
I'm going to cut that guy Some slack because he had a hard day today 
I'm gonna go home and have a blunt and honest discussion with my kids about the dangers of premarital sex
I never knew my father was such a big hockey fan
i picked up a hoe and some weed  whackers to get started on my garden 
I just bought a pound of weed killer to keep my lawn in ordinance with my subdivision. 
i left my wife and kids presents under the christmas tree
i hate cops that show gives respectable men of the law a bad reputation
I Will  Murder you
Every Morning, I'd watch my dad drink a tall glass of orange juice as part of a healthy breakfast
It's Four-Twenty And I need to leave in ten minutes to pick up my kids from daycare
everyday im shuffling my schedule so i can fit in more time for golf at the  country club
I SMACKED THAT HOE against the garden fence to get all of the dry mud off.
They see me rolling down the window to ask for directions, and they immediately stop and help me out. The people in this city are so friendly.
I do crack A smile when i get home to my wife and kids
My bitch is pregnant Our daughter will be thrilled to play with the new puppies
i need another doobie brothers album. i love that classic rock sound
Once you go black you'll never go back to a white luxury sedan. they're so hard to keep clean
I'm going to shoot you with my 9mm camera lens I just bought. I like to take wide-angle pictures
i beat my pregnant wife every time she makes me fuck up counting the money i made  from selling drugs
if i see that bitch on my street again  i'm going to take her to the vet to see if she has a tracking chip, she looks too well fed to be a stray and her owner is probably worried
I run these streets twice a day to train for the upcoming marathon
yo yo ma is the best classical music artist of the modern age 
give me your keys and get out of the car you're too drunk to drive yourself home
Snitches get You a hundred and fifty points in Quidditch.
Time to make a joint bank account with my wife
Once you go black friday shopping with me you will find some great bargains
I need a blunt way of saying things, I'm told I can be a bit verbose
I used to crack skulls all the time but with the newer archaeology techniques available, we now make fewer mistakes
Pass me that roach spray please, there's one on the 3rd floor of the guest house and we're having company tonight.
I love listening to classical music while I rape women.
I'm a gangster movie aficionado, especially the films of Martin Scorsese and Samuel Fuller
I jumped a guy He accidentally left his headlights on and his battery went dead
damn straight I'm packing This gift carefully so it isn't damaged in transit
I keep my bitch in line through persistent house training and positive reinforcement.
I drive drunk friends home from the bar so the don't have to pay for a cab
MY dad left me a substantial inheritance when he passed away
baby got back to sleep after I fed her bottle and read her a fairy tale
ITS 4:20 TIME TO START SMOKING THE SALMON FOR TONIGHTS DINNER
i left my pregnant girlfriend at home while i got the groceries
I pulled out my 9 iron and made the green
ghetto life was exceedingly cruel for the jews of krakow according to my readings into the subject
i'm bout to light up some trees my kids love this time honored tradition
baby got back from the hospital today, I couldn't be prouder
I left my wife and kids everything in my will
I never knew my son was accepted to harvard until I got the call 10 minutes ago
I got 99 Problems correct out of 100 on the bar exam
i will cut you from the team if i see another display of poor sportsmanship 
I need a blunt to help me relax after a long day at the office
My ancestors worked in the fields of science and technology
I WENT TO JAIL LAST NIGHT  WHILE PLAYING MONOPOLY ON FAMILY GAME NIGHT
I never knew my father had such an awesome collection of old records
I never saw my father miss a day of work
I don't have a job opening at my company but I'll let you know when we start hiring again.
i have a large dick van dyke collection
i never knew my father was so good at golf
Pass the weed Whacker. These dandelions in my herb garden are really stubborn.
I'm going to beat my girlfriend  home to surprise her with dinner
Every Day im Hustlin' to get to the office at 8am sharp
My dealer got me high miles per gallon on my new car
Girl, you better check yourself For breast cancer regularly
I'm gonna cut you a great deal on some quality investments
I bought a huge bag of Lucky Charms Marshmallows
i smell like weed killer. BUT MY flowerbeds THANK ME FOR IT
the police are after me in line at starbucks. i'm going to buy their drinks as a token of my appreciation for their service
I need another 40 pages to finish my doctoral thesis
I was high school valedictorian
You know I'm packing Early for next week's corporate retreat.
i have been in jail  for the past 2 turns in monopoly
gonna hit it from the back bunker to the fairway with my sand iron.  After that I'll switch to my 9 iron and sink a birdie.
i beat my son at chess but he's getting better
I need a new coke supplier It would cost a fortune to switch everything to Pepsi at this point
i gave your kids herpes prevention pamphlets to help protect them from stds
I can't read while in a moving car. it gives me a headache and makes me nauseous. 
I hate whites because they stain easily
I beat up some whites after separating the yolks for a healthier omelette
I'm leaving your mother the keys for the bmw today
I just want to kill all those pigs In my new angry birds game
i run these streets while training for the New York marathon
Master's got me workin' on homework every night, but this graduate degree will be worth it.
Time to wake and bake a cake for my wife's birthday
I have a huge Dick Cheney satirical comic collection
boy, i will cut you from the basketball team if you don't keep your grades up
Yo, This is phat I'm glad to finally merge our asian divisions
420? No, the meeting's at 3:30.
Im gonna drink this 40 dollar bottle of wine with my wife tonight.
They see me rollin' out of bed early to make breakfast for my family
I'd tap that woman on the shoulder to let her know she dropped something
I hate that cracker barrel isn't open late on weeknights
I have the biggest dick tracy comic book collection around!
i don't pay my bills by mail anymore.  with paperless billpay, i can help protect the environment.
He said the bitch is pregnant I thanked the veterinarian and took my dog home
I went to jail to meet with my client
it kills me inside knowing my daughter worked that streetcorner all day and only sold 3 cups of lemonade
I have a huge johnson & johnson sales presentation next week.
Lets Jump This Guy He seems to be having car trouble
Fuck the police state tactics being used by the tsa.  combating the threat of terrorism doesn't justify violating our constitutional rights
You best be packin son' because our flight to disneyland leaves in a few hours 
I left my family money for dinner
I never knew my father was the captain of the lacrosse team
I'm going to break in This new pair of shoes
i hate crackers in my soup, i prefer croutons
SHE GOT A BIG BOOTY SO﻿ I CALL HER by her real name and I do not let her physical appearance define her as a human being. All I want for my﻿ birthday is a young, nice, respectable woman.
i collect welfare checks that come in from returned mail and attempt to locate the recipient at my government job
When I was in college i broke the law school record for highest grade ever received on the bar exam
Keep it G rated, There are little kids here.
You got any coke cans that you want me to recycle for you?
I watched a murder of crows fly over my pool
I'd tap that you overpowered your last few putts. take it easy in the short game, that's my advice.
as soon as i get out of jail I'm putting a hotel on boardwalk
She was on her knees begging for mercy So i knelt at the altar to join her in prayer
I hate crackers that are too salty and high on cholesterol
I got shot last week Playing laser tag with my family
I never tip less than 20 percent
Goes upstairs bangs your sisters door and asks  how their studying is going
I left my wife and kids at the entrance while i circled for a spot
Gotta have my bowl gotta have cereal
I shot that cracker company an email about how much I love their product.  The Triscuit appetizers at my dinner party were scrumptious.
I just shot up six places on my country club leaderboard
Woman, you belong in the house but if you prefer the senate, that's cool too
oh that is phat Hoang, he is the famous Vietnamese chef I hired for our dinner party
Once you go black the cfo will commend you on meeting your quarterly commitment to making your department profitable again
IMA cut this bitch some slack because she obviously doesn't know any better
just got outta the joint chiefs of staff meeting at the pentagon
pop a cap on your head, it's chilly outside.
I shot the sheriff a nod of appreciation for protecting our community 
I sleep in the park avenue waldorf hotel when i'm In new york
I'll cut you a check for the dent I put in your passenger side door.
Where's the Crack in the foundation? We need to repair that to protect our property value
i never knew my father to be anything but supportive of my choice of law schools
I stabbed that guy with his epipen before he went into shock
You Cracker Barrel employees are all overworked, let me give you a generous tip 
I SELL CRACK COCAINE DANGER AWARENESS PAMPHLETS TO YOUTH ORGANIZATIONS and schools at discount wholesale prices even though it costs me money because i care about the children im helping
I knocked over a convenient store  display, but I picked it up so the cashier didn't have to.
I shot that guy a stern look when he cut in line in front of that nice old lady
I never leave a tip of less than 20% for good service
Once you go black you never go back to the unsustainable business practices that got you in the red in the first place.
i am a Blood bank volunteer
I jacked his car up to help fix his flat tire
They gave me 4 years As the governor of this great state
let me see you get low interest financing before we close escrow
I Do Cocaine awareness classes for my son's school.
i never knew my dad used slazenger golf clubs
I'm an ex-con- Gressman
i made some crack about dave's tie and the whole office laughed
I didn't know my dad Was valedictorian in high school
I'm in jail again monopoly sucks
I busted a cap Off my perrier cause it wasn't a twistoff
i demand reparations from goldman sachs
Where are all the brothers at? This fraternity is getting smaller.
I'm GONNA HIT THIS HO -TEL WITH A NASTY REVIEW ON TRIPADVISOR
I'm going to jail Because I rolled doubles three times in a row
I DON'T EVEN KNOW HOW MANY KIDS I HAVE COMING TO MY SON'S BIRTHDAY PARTY. HE'S QUITE POPULAR!
Pass that blunt Object so I can murder this hooker
i will shoot you that report as soon as i get off the phone
I just bought some weed killer for my garden this weekend
I'm gonna get a forty five percent increase in testosterone by not masturbating for a week
I SHOT MY BEST FRIEND A LOOK WHEN HE FARTED AT BRUNCH.
I'm leaving my wife and kids my entire inheritance if something were to happen to me 
I don't vote along party lines.  I thoroughly research each candidate and vote according to my principles.
I just tagged the new library on google maps so people can find it more easily. It's a great resource for the community.
you can find me at the club house after a long day of golf with prospective clients
Today at work I got fired up about my new boss's negative views on homosexuality
oj didn't do it for me this morning. might have to switch to v8 splash.
My insatiable hunger for white pussy cat photos makes me browse r/aww frequently throughout the day
you're in the wrong neighborhood if you want great sashimi. the best Asian cuisine is downtown.  
i buy crack for my children on christmas
I stabbed a man with an insulin pen and saved his life
Next time beat her ...to it
I beat my wife home, so i prepared dinner for the family
i just bought some blow fish for my aquarium
After a long day at the office, I enjoy a nice bowl  of cereal. Then I smoke a joint because it's possible to be a successful cannabis user.
Rhianna deserved to get beat By adele for album of the year, but she is still a great singer.
Come to my neighborhood, you get smoked bbq ribs at our weekly pot luck
I CANT READ without being interruped by a phone call
I'm gonna shoot you An email tonight
I WILL CUT YOU a check for the expense report you turned in last week.
I bring the ruckus in my classroom down to an appropriate noise level for learning
i need weed remover for my lawn.
My wife loves my BBC documentaries narrated by david attenborough 
Free OJ!! For every kid in the sack race!
everyday i'm hustlin' on the treadmill. i'm running a 5k in 2 weeks!
I'm gonna have to pull out my 9 iron for this shot
Let's see who can get the highest on the rock climbing wall. I like a  challenge
My wife got extensions in Chrome that help reformat the page for easier reading
My father left me A large inheritance
I beat my wife and kids in a rousing game of monopoly
I'm gonna have a joint meeting with the firm partners
I'm gonna cut you A deal on your office supplies that our competitors can't beat.
ANYBODY WANT A JOINT credit card account with 1.5% airtime mile rewards?
The WHITE AMERICAN IS THE WORST Kind of cheese to serve at a wine tasting
I LOVE MY BITCHES SO I TAKE THEM TO THE VETERINARIAN REGULARLY
420? No, my salary is closer to 500K.
I've been to prison 14 times and all of my clients have walked out free.
i did time management courses because i want to be as productive as possible
i only smoke the finest meats for my family
I get violent heartburn from spicy foods
I don't know who my father is going to hire to speak at my graduation
damn girl back that thing up or you're gonna lose all your files
I'll shoot you a copy of my resume later this afternoon
I always light up The grill for a nice family meal. 
fire up this blunt lawnmower once more before i change the blade
i got six kids from harvard interning for me this summer
I witnessed a shooting star in the night sky when i was vacationing on martha's vineyard
your mom is so big of an influence in your life. give her a hug today.
You came to the wrong neighborhood Little Italy is a couple of blocks over.
where are all the G's at? we've been playing scrabble for over an hour and I haven't seen a single one
I used to run this block to train for the 5k
My father used to beat me every time we played chess.
I put bullets in  your notes so you don't have to read as much.
i bet you like my black cock er Spaniel.  She is a very rare breed.
I've never met my five kids that i sponsor through various charities
I frequently beat my son In chess while teaching him how to play
Im doing a drive by food delivery for the less fortunate
I DEAL DRUGS FOR A MAJOR PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY
I never knew my father was a wwii veteran
IT'S THE POLICE GREATEST HITS ALBUM. WANT TO LISTEN TO IT WITH ME?
Chases an old lady down the street To give back the keys she dropped in the supermarket.
I hope my wife doesn't find my stash of presents I bought her for Christmas.
Im black, and I will beat your children at checkers.they can be red.
I have a huge johnson & johnson stock portfolio
Give me your shoes i've got just the thing to get those scuffs out
i've never had a job with so much upward mobility as my current one
my nigga means "buy that" in mandarin chinese. i'm brushing up on some basic phrases before my business trip to beijing.
i have aids to help organize my campaign.  four more years!
I shot my boss a nice smile this morning because he looked like he needed some cheering up.
I'm Black Berry's Vice President
I just called my dealer to schedule an oil change
I left my wife and kids presents under the Christmas tree
I just smoked a pound of ham for the company picnic
I told that bitch to sit But it's hard training a puppy
I finally got my bitch pregnant I hope to have yorkie puppies for sale in a few months
I'm packing heat warmers for my kids to put in their gloves so they don't get cold during recess
I LIKE TO STEAL THE SHOW WHEN I DO BROADWAY
I drink a ton of water to keep my brain working at it's best!
i will steal this last slice pizza.
Never knew my father was successful too
i got the munchies from smoking this delicious turkey for the corporate cookout
I cut this nig- iri roll, would anyone like the other half?
Does not Exist
I'm hooked on coke zero
I'm going to cut you a piece of my birthday cake
I shot up in high school now i'm 6'2"
fuck the police no really, it doesn't matter how successful i am, they still pull me over all the time
Going to prison to talk to my client about his guilty plea
I like beating old people to the door so I can open it for them
I just got a new bitch and she won first place at the Westminster Kennel Club's annual dog show
I have a large dick Van dyke collection at my nice home in the suburbs
i have a fat dick tracy comic book collection at home. 
I brought that bitch home because adoption is the best thing you can do to an animal.
I broke in my neighbor's house to save him from housefire
I WILL BLOW THAT GUY AWAY WHEN I RETURN HIS LAUNDRY
I'm gonna slam that ass -ignment on your desk tomorrow morning
Would you look  at that rock on my wife's hand? It was expensive, but she's worth it!
i deal crystal clear presentations on my colleague's behalf, as it were
i wake and bake muffins every morning for my family
I'm representin' my company at this year's job fair.
Gets arrested development season 3 on blue ray
i always beat my wife to the front door to open it for her
I've never seen my kids work so hard since i enrolled them into private school.
i hustle home everyday from work to see my wife
I'm going to Rob and Steve's study group so we can all do well on this exam
I was behind bars serving cocktails for a few years to put myself through business school
I got big lips Antonelli 15 years for racketeering
My Co-worker called me his "nigga", so i shot him an email of how offended  i was 
Its time to get baked Goods for my daughters bake sale
I dont know how many children i have Helped succeed
black men have big dicks?! yeah thats bollocks....
This is a car jacking Device I designed that will save precious time when changing a tire
I just bought a brick red paint for the den. Think it'll look good?
i'm gonna shoot you that memo when i get back to my office
my kids won't go to college just anywhere. my son is applying to Harvard and my daughter wants to go to Yale.
I got kids all over town  to enroll in my after-school math program
COPS! Season 10, you said you wanted to borrow it?
I'm on welfare cases all the time at my law firm. It really irks me when people take advantage of the government.
Fuck the Police was the title of my graduate thesis on urban youth's mistrust of authority.
I just bought some rock concert tickets to donate to the charity raffle
I'm going to cut you some slack because that exam was pretty unfair
I never knew my son Was such a gentleman
I beat my wife home from work and made her dinner
I just beat some hoes into the ground of my mother's garden.
In my ride with some bitches that i just adopted from the local animal shelter
SENT TO JAIL DANG, ALMOST CAPTURED THE FLAG
doesn't feed his family anything with growth hormones or pesticides in it
I'm so high Above the city in my new penthouse suite
I support Obama care being repealed
Fight the power company's attempt to raise rates this summer
i have a serious illness nigger lips
I put a couple bullets into the body of his essay, to add clarity
I'm not shy about the fact that i'm a blood donor at the local hospital
I BEAT MY WIFE AT CHESS
It's 4:20, time to go smoke My salmon so it will be ready in time for dinner tonight.
I hate whites Let's open my 2003 Chateau Latour instead
im going to slice you up some of my fantastic homemade bread
My dad left me A sizable inheritence
i pick cotton over polyester  every single time
I have weed killer to keep my yard looking pristine
i got a real bad temper pedic mattress so i'm returning it for a non-defective one
Everybody get on the floor and don't move! A bat just flew into the office.
I hope my boss doesn't find my blunt assessment of our fiscal obstacles too presumptuous.
I've had it with these crackers You need to stop buying Ritz
Fuck Cops i prefer america's most wanted
Lil' Jon is definitely my favorite Robin Hood character. 
Got My boys on up on the corner leather sofa watching toy story 3
i finally busted out of jail can't believe it took me 3 turns to roll doubles
SMOKING CRACK -ed pepper encrusted salmon on the grill. It's going to be delicious.
girl i will take you down town for a nice sushi dinner
I love using SPEED reading exercises to give myself a competitive edge at work 
I couldn't finish High School Musical 2
Busted out my nine iron and hit the green in regulation
my brother just got shot for the cover of forbes magazine
i date rape  victims and pay for their therapist sessions
I got arrested development on dvd for my family and i to watch.
I killed my neighbor In fantasy football last week
I took my brother's life points and added them to my own
nigga is a very offensive word
I run these streets As part of my morning workout
I was getting some head way on the Fisher account this weekend
I love to get high karma from reviving old memes
i hate crackers that crumble when i spread my caviar
I got rid of that nasty old hoe because I bought a new one at the home depot garden center
I will shoot you an email once i know the finalized numbers on the johnson account
i like crack -ing people up by telling sophisticated jokes at fancy dinner parties.
Disrespect me? Now I'm gonna have to cut you some slack, because you're probably having a bad day.
I'm gonna leave my kids at the daycare when I go to work
I Jumped a guy in the parking lot because His car battery was dead
BROUGHT HOME SOME HOES AND WEED REMOVER TO KEEP MY LAWN IN TIP TOP SHAPE
Just jacked a car 4 feet off the ground to help fix an axel deficiency
I never knew my father loved to travel so much
i gotta get high marks on my performance review to get that promotion
Time To Pack A Bowl Of This exquisite Thai Food To Take Home
im known for stealing the show at my church's annual Christmas  pageant
i beat old people 
in high school all i did was get high grades on my tests
I made her bleed the brakes on her certified pre-owned Lexus.
i hate white people what, i do
I'm gonna crush that cracker up and put it in my chicken noodle soup.
I got high scores on all of my law exams
hand me my 9mm wrench and we'll get those training wheels off in no time! 
we're going to get high interest rates if we increase consumption spending
BITCHES GET STITCHES AFTER THEIR LITTER NEEDS TO BE DELIVERED BY C-SECTION
 This
I just robbed that lawyer of any chance to win this lawsuit
This would be racist If black people could read negro
I gave everyone in the office AIDS Awarness ribbons to wear at the fundraiser on Friday
I have five different kids from five different moms coming over for my son's birthday party. I really hope they have a great time!
I got the biggest dick- ens novel I could find at the bookstore
i have a big dick Tracy comic book collection
I just bought some white castle franchises
hide your kids hide your wifes presents before christmas
Yo, check out my crib that i hand built for my newborn daughter
I hate those crackers  im more of a ritz or saltine guy
check out my new crib it was 20% off at sears and the new baby loves it
Damn girl, thats a huge ass- Umption about the nature of the american economy
i have a huge dick tracy memorabilia collection
i like to beat my wife to the door so i can hold it open for her
i got all the neighborhood kids hooked on x box tournament lan parties
I'm illiterate in sql. i'm taking a course on it right now.
I love beating women to the door so i can hold it open for them
talks and acts like white people
I just got some very good herb crusted goat cheese fritters
I got high -Lights magazine for my kids. It's incredibly educational.
I need to get some crack sealant to fix the windshield on my wife's Mercedes
I stole the show with my power point animations
I confess to The Rape  of the Lock, by Alexander Pope, being my favourite poem to come out of the Augustan Age of English literature.  
knows many fine bitches will be competing in the westminster kennel club show this weekend
I just bought a bag of weed killer, to help my wife with her garden
I outran the entire Sheriff's Department at our County's annual halloween 5k
I left my wife and children because im a nigger
I'M going to cut you a large piece of this birthday cake that i got for you
i cut him because his skills are better suited for the J.V. golf team
I run these streets after work to stay in shape
I have a big penis
Let's all get toasted  foot-long subway sandwiches
i beat my wife in a game of scrabble last night
I got a kilo of coke and a few ounces of marijuana  as evidence in my prosecution
i will end your life long battle with credit card debt
I like hardcore anal -ysis of the stock market to maximize the return of my investment portfolio.
Master Whipped Me Into shape so I could get my black belt
I jumped some white lady When i saw that her car battery had died
Fuck the police Aren't going to get here in time! I better make a citizen's arrest.
I can't swim in bowman-gray because the paint is chipping off the ceiling
Let's drink a 40 year old glass of single malt scotch.
I shot a bunch of cops at the police benevolent society annual dinner when i was a professional photographer for the times
I gave my Girlfriend a black eye shadow kit for Christmas
do you want to get iced teA after this great game of golf
I'm going to shoot up To the school to pick up my kids
FOR MY WIFE'S BIRTHDAY I GAVE HER A BLACK EYE -D PEAS ALBUM THAT SHE LOVES
i carry a piece of paper naming my emergency contacts
I hate gays being misrepresented by conservative radio
I beat my wife getting home first so i could cook her a delicious dinner
I'm packing heat ing pads for my ski trip to Aspen
I hate crackers too much sodium for my body
up at 4am grinding fresh coffee to go with my balanced breakfast
I'm going to buy some weed Killer for my lawn
i jacked this bike up to inflate my daughters tires. They were low on air and could have been unsafe. 
Going to shoot him A strongly worded e-mail
Who Dis respected my wife of 10 years?
i shot your whole family including the kids and babies   IN A LOW LIGHT RESI FILTER SO THE CONTRAST ISNT TOO HIGH ON THE PORTRAITS 
Black power -point slides are hard to read, use a lighter background color
I jacked a car Up so I could change a flat tire for a stranded lady.
I have an extraordinarily large penis
Got weed killer in my garage that will clear your garden right up
WAKE & BAKE SOME COOKIES  FOR THE KIDS
I hate that successful white man meme 
I spent half my life in prison as a clinical psychologist helping inmates deal with their destructive instincts
I'm going to shoot you a quick email about your portfolio
I hate crackers in my soup
Left his Kids about 10 million dollars from his life insurance policy
My father is a criminal defense attorney at a prestigious law firm
I never knew my father was so into opera.  I got him tickets for his birthday.
I was just with my friend tyrone this morning, and now he's dead tired from the 5K run we did around the neighborhood.
I love the hood Museum at Dartmouth College
I gave my family HIV with my monster cock
i'm on one of the most respected business teams in my city
I will cut you a great deal if you can sign the contract now
i give drugs to children when i volunteer at my local pediatric hospital
I love tyler perry 's hard work ethic, in spite of his awful tv shows
stickiing my huge cock into the county fair  livestock competition
i snapped a bitch with my new nikon d3x when i took my kids to the local dog show
Yea, i do crack a smile every day i wake up next to my beautiful wife
I go to office max Just to see how lucky i am to find low prices staples
I love eating fried chicken ...who the fuck doesnt
I don't trust whites will stay white if I wash them with the rest of my laundry
I beat my wife in a game of scrabble on family gaME NIGHT
When the hoes coming? i ordered them last week and my garden needs work
I'm the biggest Bawse in the HR department, and at times it makes me self conscious around my employees
West side  story is my favorite musical
I love my 38 special kids that I sponsor at the school for disabled children
i beat my sons ass at madden '13
I told my children i don't want to see them with any crackers cleaning them out of their braces is a real hassle
Got a call from my dealer my car is ready
Son, I am going to shoot you in the face with this new SuperSoaker I bought you, as we spend quality time together
there ain't no way i'm going to jail break my iphone, that would be against apple policy
I beat my wife home to surprise her with dinner
Fuck the police I prefer the solo career of Sting.
Don't move- I'll shoot you an email so you don't have to come all the way up to my office.
I'd hit that nail directly on the head for safety and to save time constructing this habitat for humanity home.
dat ass -umption you made about me based on my race is innappropriate and offensive, sir.
i just jumped fred he left his headlights on
I have one big black Briefcase because i have had so many clients this quarter
I will take you out with my nine IRON WHEN WE TEE OFF AT THE COUNTRY CLUB
I've got a huge dick -ens collection in my personal library
psst, i just smuggled some mexican coke into the movie theater, it tastes much better in a bottle.
i like to smoke ribs out on the grill when my moms and pops comes to visit on the weekend.
rape white woman rape white woman
I picked up a gram of high quality marijuana
I just beat my wife with a baseball bat and buried her in the backyard. You stereotyped me wrong,nigga.
divorced his wife because she's a nigger lover
i went to jail break my iphone because i wanted to install our custom business app
i've never talked to my son about his spending spree at hollister
I killed my kids social life because she's getting caught up with the wrong crowd.
Damn, i want to hit that presentation out of the park tomorrow. 
the asian masseuse gave a happy ending to her inspirational story of how she fled North Korea
are these crackers serious? 8.6g of Carbs is way too much for my diet
I'm going down to the elementary school to shoot some hoops with kids in the after school basketball program
I love kfc their stock has paid a handsome dividend
Where's my 40 foot yacht
your family owned my grandfather in that scrabble game last night
i cant read the paper in the morning, as my shift at boeing begins at 4am
I'M HIGH ON ICE cream vendor magazine's list of the top 100 most successful business owners in the world
I GAVE THAT BITCH DIRECTIONS TO MY COCKE HALL TA OFFICE, ITS JUST PAST THE AMPHITHEATER, ADJACENT TO THE LAWN
I beat my girlfriend when we play Scrabble
I'm going to jump you until your car starts
I beat my wife home so i could cook her dinner
I got the new 50 cent coin collection set from the US mint
Doesn't drink eggnog around Christmas Drinks NIGNOG
I'm gonna jack you up when you get a flat on the highway
You won't catch me riding dirty buses again after my community initiative goes through.
Straight out of Compton Community Center. Just taught a class at the learning annex.
I left my wife and kids a sweet note before i left for work today
I love doing acid - base problems in my Chemistry class 
I will cut you A nice bonus check this Christmas
i dont buy food for my kids without making sure it meets  allergy and dietary restrictions
I hate picking cotton off my armani suit
I SELL CRACK REPAIR PUTTY AT MY FAMILY OWNED HARDWARE STORE.
I passed the blunt object to the forensic scientist assigned to my crime scene
i have a small dick. just saying.
Look at all those nig erian children living in abject poverty... I don't understand why anyone would play on racial stereotypes simply to acheive internet fame.
gotta bust out my nine Iron to get onto the green
i like big butt  i think tom hanks' best movie is philadelphia because he had such a phenomenal oscar winning performance
I've been to court numerous times In order to defend my clients
Whites and colored's don't belong together in the washing machine
I have a big cock -tail party every time quarterly earnings are up.
i smoke craCK CONSTANTLY
more fried chicken in our children's diet will do nothing but contribute to the threatening obesity epidemic. Switch to salad instead.
Yo, Shorti hoagies are only $3.49 during hoagiefest. I'm buying lunch for the office today!
YOU BETTER RUN that marathon with me next month to raise money for our company's charity
i swear i'll shoot some hoops with you after i finish this report
OH NO YOU DIDN'T LEAVE THOSE FILES IN MY OFFICE, THEY'RE IN THE CONFERENCE ROOM
I'm packin' this care package for my daughter's first semester of college
I was on bait car as an executive producer
Everyday I'm shuffling Bridge cards at the elderly home
i left my kids 20 dollars to order a pizza
EMPTY YOUR POCKETS You can't have anything in them while you're in the MRI
GOING TO JAIL to interview detainees for my public defender's internship
I run these streets every morning during my daily workout routine 
I like to get down to the train carpark early so i can get in before the boss
I hate the police Cutbacks. They keep our streets safe.
I hit my kids up for gift ideas when I want to surprise my wife 
I'm gonna spark up a conversation with that attractive young lady I always see shopping at whole foods
i've never read a book more poignant than harper lee's "to kill a mockingbird"
i have some chronic back pain that makes my golf outings uncomfortable
I Have 20 kids interning for me at the office
i beat my girlfriend at stratego
D-Strick is drilling Callie Rivers on topics for the quiz tomorrow
i love crack ing jokes
i need crack sealant to repair the damaged foundation on one of my rental properties
i just chugged a 40 gram protein shake after my gym workout
I Shot an email to my boss
I'm about to go get that dude from the south side to make me some speed balls out of apricots so that I can hopefully have a chance of catching suicune this time.
Yo momma so fat i'll get my personal chef to work on a new meal plan for her
i'm strapped  with a seat belt so i don't die
when bored what i do is crack open a new book and enjoy a good night of reading
Bitches be trippin' on my laptop cord at starbucks
I have a huge cock roach problem. 
Smack my bitch lightly on the nose if she barks. it's important she be trained properly, otherwise the neighbours may complain of the noise.
I love picking cotton candy for my kids at the carnival
I've Got Chronic lower back pain but haven't missed a day of work in four years.
Actually, white people stole my car.
I'm a Blood type that is very rare, so i donate as often as possible
Leaves his child at a very respectable daycare next door to his company.
I beat my wife to the door so i can open it first. Always gotta be a gentlemen
i like wet pussy cats because they look so cute with damp fur
My Dick is hard He doesnt like to cut me any deals when i want to buy the stocks i want
Back that thing up Extra carefully when there are pedestrians present 
I can't keep a job for long without getting promoted to a better position
i got 8 bitches and a male from my dogs litter last month
I have a big dick -inson DVD collection
It's 200 dollars a bag but you can get them half off at the burberry website.
I'll bring my 9 Iron. this course is tough and my short game needs work
I beat a homeless man at chess
I love white Pussy Cats. They're adorable!
I'm always packing Fruit and granola bars for lunch to stay healthy
I STOLE A WATERMELON CARVING TECHNIQUE FROM RACHAEL RAY.  FRUIT CARVING IS AN ART THAT REQUIRES PRACTICE AND PATIENCE.
I don't like that nigger has been reappropriated by large parts of black culture
i shot my wife a loving look over the dinner she made
goes to the back of the bus to repair the windows so we don't take fire in cherno
This morning i had a blunt conversation with my son about his speeding ticket
get that cheddar no, the organic one
I like white girls with big asses seriously, i'm not even joking here
I've got hoes in different area codes because I enjoy gardening at all of my houses
I'm going to do a drive by the neighborhood before i consider purchasing the property.
Nigga Please Don't steal my porsche
I'm going to rob From accounting's christmas party
I'll Shoot you An email about how we can improve your credit rating.
I hate whiggers Andrew Jackson knew what he was doing.
I'm only here because of sports management opportunities that would work well with my business degree
I'd like a Blunt Assessment of this quarter's profit and loss statement
I will sneak into that woman's house tonight so I can finish the decoration for her surprise party
i'm up in this club for co-chair of the annual racquetball tournament
it can't be be bigger than my johnson and johnson investment
I have the thickest, biggest, blackest financial portfolio on wallstreet right now
I get bitches through the adoption program at the local kennel and provide them with a good home
I rolled a joint bank account into a mutual fund with a great interest rate
RAPING A WHITE GIRL WITH  A BLACK ASS IS A TOTALLY APPROPRIATE CAPTION FOR THE DISTURBING AND VULGAR ADULT FILM I HAD THE UNFORTUNATE PLEASURE OF WITNESSING
I didn't graduate from college with any debt, I had a full academic scholarship
G's UP For our next round of Scattergories
I want to kill some pigs In this Angry Birds game
i shot the entire family for their christmas family portrait
Get low interest rates with our new tracker mortgage
I beat my wife and kids home, so i could make dinner
Used my kid's piggy bank money to get high interest savings for their college fund
Every day I'm hustling To get to the office on time.
Just give me a 45 minute allowance to present my findings
i love prison break on blu ray
Skyrim sucks The life out of me. I cant stop playing. ~60+ hours.
I have a huge johnson & johnson proposal that needs your approval
i didnt get to the top by just kissing ass i sucked some dick too...
You know I represent the good citizens of New York's 15th Congressional district
watermelon is on sale at the store
i was beaten by members of the lapd in this year's california public service fun run
Yo -Yo ma has always been one of my favorite musicians
Hand me that 40 oz of water, hydration is key
I pick cotton sheets to replace our silk ones during cold winter months
I will cut you a delicious slice of holiday ham
there's nothing like a good rape seed oil for getting your omega-3 and omega-6 daily intake
My crew is tight lipped about the business I conduct on my yacht
It's 4.20? Here's five. Keep the change.
I SCORED SOME ROCKS AT THE QUARRY FOR MY WIFE'S GARDEN
Hmm back that thing up to the launching dock so we can get the bayliner in the water for the summer
bitches be crazy when they are in heat and i'm breeding my show dogs
I popped the car door open with a slim jim to help that nice couple get the keys out of their car
I whipped out my gun violence awareness posters so i could hang them up around my community
Let me just finish smoking this bowl of pulled pork for our dinner party
OH SNAP ! Crackle and Pop are my kids favorite, they love Rice crispy treats 
Black business man good joke
I deal Crack pushers justice by participating in the neighborhood watch program
I want fried chicken and kool aid to be removed from school lunch menus. it's unhealthy for our children.
Not sure if i asked him if he was coming to bed Doesn't brag about creating the world in 7 days 
i've seen a man die when the transplant we performed failed. my condolences to his family
So I told him, nigger Isn't an appropriate word to use around children
What do you call a nigger in a suit? NIGGER
I like to beat women to the door so I can hold it open for them 
let's shoot dice an email about the great job they did on battlefield 3, my son loves it!
I told her to back that up because losing that data would cost us the account
I got a messed up ho ho ho, but my Santa impersonation is loved by many
I just drank a 40 dollar glass of wine with a few clients
PORCH MONKEY
I never knew my son would win the science fair
I love that Nigger Jim in "Huckleberry Finn", by Mark Twain.  His character portrays the racism of the time.
My Father left me the family business in his will
I had to sit in the back of the bus I always give up the front seat to the elderly
give me your purse so i can hold it for you while you try on clothes
I LOVE GETTING HIGH RETURNS ON MY INVESTMENTS
I spent time in prison teaching inmates how to read.
I'd tap that Bakken oil field in the Dakotas to pay off the deficit and maximize domestic job growth
Stupid crackers always leave crumbs on my shirt at dinner parties
its all about the benjaman's baby they're going to have a boy and this shower is just for them
i'm a blood donor
Yes, massa, italy is where i'm organizing our next corporate retreat
i am a criminal lawyer at the most prestigious law firm in town
baby got back into her crib after i spent some quality time with her.
Because I got high, because I got high chairs, my kids can sit with me at the kitchen table (Sorry for my stutter)
I jumped a guy today because his battery died
I PAID $5000 TO GET THE CRACK FIXED IN THE PORSCHE'S RADIATOR
i got three prostitutes detained yesterday under DUI charges, feels great
Hold on, Bitch is not a word we use in this family, son.
I'm carrying heat tickets for the first level, row f seat 16
FAT WHITE GIRL? MO SHIT TO FUCK
you gotta diversify your bonds nigga
takes your backpack to give to you back at camp
I WILL CUT YOU A check for the money I owe you
Bust out my glock -enspiel and play for the seniors at the nursing home
I'm going to hook a brother up to my network so that i can print from any computer at home
All other races are inferior to the traditional 5k
i left my family everything in my will as i would want them to be happy when i am gone
once you go black and out of the red you'll be financially stable
i watch ebony porn site traffic. it's part of my job working at alexa
I hate crackers I prefer fruits to salty snacks
I own that pussy cat doll Cd already, I have all their albums
cheese? cracker, please lactose intolerance
i do cocaine with my investment banker coworkers
I'll take your money and improve your portfolio with wise investments
I'm Sipping On A 40 Year old bottle of Cabernet sauvignon
My cock loves my girl's pussy they run around in the backyard and play all day
I'm gonna get a 40 year annuity to insure my family will never have to worry
I'm sorry ms jackson my puppy will never ruin your azaleas ever again
Me and my son shared some pot Hole observations while driving on West Run Road last night
I YELL IN MOVIE THEATERS When rowdy teenagers make a lot of noise
I got a blade server to run our website.  It'll save us 35% on hosting costs
I'm the dealer which makes you the big blind
I hate crackers High in carbs, I prefer protein bars
i got stopped for driving while black smoke was coming out of my tailpipe. lexus needs service.
When I get home, I'm having a blunt discussion with my wife about her extravagant spending habits.
I never knew my own father was so good at baking. this cake is delicious!
After arguing with my boss I shot him and everyone in the office  an email to apologize for the outburst. 
I think I'll burn a fatty steak and eat it with my family
i will cut you a break on your car insurance rate
chicken is my favorite way to add protein to my children's meals.
I LOVE WHITE CHICKS THE WAYANS BROTHERS ARE HILARIOUS
My wife belongs in the bedroom She's running a terrible fever
I can't wait to drink this 40 year old bottle of scotch
Every morning I beat my kids  waking up, so i can make them breakfast
I fucked your mother 's tax return form up, i'll have to a get a new form filled out
I'm always strapped in before driving my smart car
ive never met my son in laws parents, so i invited them over for brunch next sunday
I snuffed that fag out because I hate the smell of cigarettes
I got 99 problems to review before i sit for the bar exam 
i'm gonna rape her on the interest rates
A successful Blackman? gotta be gay
i robbed a bank manager of a hit at the charity softball game
i shot my wife a text message asking her what we're doing for dinner.
Make 'em say ugh during a dental exam so you can see the incisors
I got 99 problems out of a 100 correct on my last midterm.
i got a high capacity magazine rack for the waiting room of my dental office
Nigga, please Don't call me that, i find it offensive.
as an educated black man, let me just say I will 187 yo' ass
I took your phone from your purse and called your roommate to pick you up--you were too drunk to be driving.
I made a shank of lamb for my family last night
i smoke crack nigger
I sell crack repairing solution to millions of car windshield repair specialists every year.
I'm rolling this blunt force trauma case into the sexual assault one, he should get 10 years at least
i'm packing a piece of this delicious cake to take home for my wife
weezy joggers tend to give up sooner, take deep breaths
i've got a joint checking account with my lovely wife
i fuck white bitches nuff said
let's do another line graph to show the data from last quarter.
Mothafucka Jones is my favorite character from horrible bosses
I busted a move -ing part in our design doing a computer simulation. We need to recalculate the torque on our shaft.
I get chronic back pain after hauling my bags of cash to the bank
I fuck girls other than black cause nigger bitches are ugly and i wanna taint other races.
I want successful white man to jump out of a plane. Maybe skydiving will give him a new outlook on life.
I like black hairy  .....Pussy.... 
I run these streets daily to practice for the corporate challenge
So then I pulled out my nine iron and hit an eagle on the 6th hole
Steal new tv at a great price from best buy
in my line of work im constantly killing time between meetings
i got that hydro ponic greenhouse by the rose garden
My name is torple i has a big nose :)
I just jacked a car up so I could help fix a flat tire.
I get money for working hard 5 days a week.
I'm waiting for some crack to be released for diablo 3
I have a gun -resembling wrench in my hand
kill all the white men!! you are on red team!!!
I got Arrested because im a smelly yard ape
I got some green buds who insist on driving hybrids
as soon as she told me she was pregnant i ran off and skyped this joyous news to  my parents in atlanta
I light up with mary jane in my wife's arms- i'm so happy to be a father now
i hate the police their music is annoying. i prefer the beatles instead
i killed a white man 's dreams when i became president
i got your sister knocked up collectors edition, i heard it was her favorite movie
Shot that cop an email about the upcoming charity event
i hate crackers without caviar
I'm gonna bang that ass ignment out before the 4th quarter projections come in
BLUE FLAG HANGING OUT MY BACKSIDE flag football at the company picnic
i've got a huge cock- roach problem at my mansion that will require an exterminator
I have HIV fundraisers to attend this month
Fuck whitey Ford Sings the blues was such a terrible album. How does Everlast still have a career?
I have a huge black cock whose majestic "cockadoodledoo" wakes me up in time for work every morning.
i gave my wife a backhand technique tutorial ahead of her country club tennis tournament
fucking cracker jacks are delicious
Wears Business Suit To Child support meeting
There's a mexican a Jew and a balck guy walk into a bar the bartender looks up and says "get the fuck out of here
i'm going to shoot you an email containing the quarterly earnings report
i have a record player that may have antique value
Break Yo self off a piece of this ciabatta bread, its delicious 
IM GONNA DO YO MOMMA a favor, because she is the nicest person i have ever met
I'm going to bust a cap  off these pringles. Do you want some? 
Leaves his kids A note in their lunch every day
Wake and bake a cake for my nephew's birthday
Tonight, I'm gonna get baked Lay's potato chips because they have significantly less fat and sodium
I shot my boy a dirty look when I saw him fall asleep in church
i was a slave to cigarettes before i quit smoking
get rich or gain valuable resume experience trying.
i hate crackers in my chicken  noodle soup
Let's get some blow pops to fill up the break room candy dish
I shot them all on my new camcorder at the office xmas party
French People smell So blind people can hate them too
ohhhh you got a fat ass your donkey really needs a special diet
Wow look at that ass Ymptote! Are you sure you graphed our quarterly profit graph properly?
i just got out of jail by rolling doubles
I scored an ounce of saffron for my Mediterranean bisque 
I SHOT HIM A TEXT SAYING HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I'm gonna shoot my brother a text to let him know i made it home safely
during school, I got high grades in every class.
I'll cut you a deal for my textbook so that you can buy it cheaper
I rob the supermarket with my elaborate couponing   
Check out this huge dick -ens novel. Authors are rarely paid by the word anymore.
i will fuck you up no really i will fuck you up
KKK HAnging another k on the board would give the pitcher 4 strikeouts. our hitters are having a really difficult time out there.
I love watermelon infused vodka
MY girfriend says im a pedofile  and i said that's a big word for a 5 year old
I pop dem bottles When I assist with communion at mass
i SERVED SOME TIME VOLUNTEERING AT A SHELTER  FOR THE HOMELESS
I dropped out of  high school football to ensure i'd have time to study
last night i beat my wife in a friendly game of scrabble 
Ladies love my huge cock -er spaniel statuette collection
TIME FOR A DRIVE BY the office to drop off some paperwork
Don't touch my kool-aid stocks, they've been very profitable in the third quarter.
Wu Tang Is For the Children Whose Parents Don't Protect Them From Inappropriate Music
I've got a huge package of my wife's favorite chocolates that I am giving to her because she is having a bad day.
just got some pussy cat doll tickets for my daughter.
I Just Shanked My Drive off the 1st tee
I have aids that are telling me the capital gains bill is DOA
Racism is acceptable when it's a joke
I'm so high on the corporate ladder.  
Has time to change out of suit after interview before class Doesn't
I'ma drop you off at the front while I see if the concierge has our playoffs tickets
Could you pass me that joint probability density function. I need to calculate the correlation
I do crack up those board members with that joke
people were shocked when i whipped out my giant report uncovering the malpractice scandal at the local hospital
I like big butts in the ashtray, it let's me know my wife has cut back on smoking
I have a very large... forehead
I'm going to slap that girl with a small fine for parking in the handicapped zone
break yo'self off a piece of chocolate if you like
I love beating my wife home so i can have dinner waiting for her
I like to beat women to the door so I may open it for them.
Protect ya neck when playing polo. a nasty fall can really mess you up
I sell drugs as a nationally ranked sales rep at pfizer 
Betta' be poppin dat ass -prin for the pain while you wait for the prescription I wrote you to be filled.
I cut people on the street some slack because they must be working hard Caption 3 goes here
I'm going to buy some weed from the store
Im going to rape  your mother
I beat my wife To the door so i can open it first
I will cut you from the company softball team if i see another display of bad sportsmanship like that
yo momma jokes are so immature. damn hood rats.
in the hood you will find our carcinogenic compounds and toxic reagents
Yeah I Steal bases at the company softball game.
I beat my wife at a friendly game of chess
Everyone on the ground We don't want to spoil your mothers surprise party.
I'm going to own that bitch After the pound processes her adoption papers
Damn it, one of my bitches is pregnant I'm going to have to register the puppies with the AKC.
I'm out on bail street, next to the starbucks. see you in 5 minutes
i'm going to flame up this joint in my knee if i play softball today
i beat my wife in wii sports today
i need to pick up a pound of brie and crackers for the board meeting
Black panthers stand tall at around 3ft also growing to lengths of up to 5ft
believe it or not im a midget
I Got GAme of thrones on tivo for my wife and me to snuggle up to tonight
I take care of my hoes The garden shed is completely weatherproofed
I HAVE AIDS preparing the operating room before I perform open heart surgery
i just got out of jail i roll doubles all the time when playing monopoly
I'm gonna shoot you Some emails about the meeting today 
I got arrested Development in my netflix queue
For a living, I sell crack repair equipment for windscreens
I never finished high school  because I was offered admission into Harvard during 11th grade
I WANT WHITE WOMEN TO BE ATTRACTED TO INTELLECTUAL ASIAN MEN
I never knew my father was such a great cook!
honestly ,  Fuck out my mentions . real talk #hoe
I'm from the projects analysis division. We really need those spreadsheets we talked about yesterday.
Time to reach for my nine Iron this hole is a bit uphill
I always carry two Guns N' Roses CDs in my car
I drop dimes and other loose change into the salvation army buckets
I Got 99 Problems due on webassign by midnight
I beat my wife home so I could make her a nice mother's day dinner 
I'm getting My Crack Fix.. ..ed On My Laptop screen so I can work from home during the holidays
I will slap my pregnant wife together the sandwich she has been craving.
Every evening I get baked apple pie for desert
Fuck these crackers are delicious
My big dick cheney poster is frayed
This is some crazy weed Whacker, I got it from Lowes.
I love big black booties For my big feet to keep the scuff marks off my floor.
OJ didn't do it It's Emmitt Smith who holds the record for career rushing yards
I've had to go to court more times than I can remember  to prosecute hardened criminals and keep my community safe.
I pick cotton suits for their comfort and durability
yo man, let's smoke this We're all out of bbq sauce
i'm gonna fire up this bowl in the kiln for about an hour.  Then i'll paint it at our next ceramics class meeting.
I love a big booty After taking a big risk in the stock market
Finally left the hood repair shop. That scratch on my lexus was an eyesore.
You Know I'm Packin' My daughters lunch for school tomorrow
Spread your legs  shoulder width, that's the first step to a successful golf swing
I can't swim In my heated pool without goggles if the chlorine level gets too high
Lemme hook you up to the internet
So I turned back and slapped that hoe. Into the soil of my herb garden.
Where the hoes at? I need to quickly finish weeding and fixing up the community garden.
I got locked up yesterday After typing in my password wrong 3 times
i just needed to hit the bubbler a few times the fishtank is working fine again
I love white pussy cats so much that I volunteer down at the animal shelter.
i shot my landlord a quick email asking if i can pay my rent early this month
I need to call my dealer to adjust the payment on my daughters honda
taste this cock tail and tell me if it needs more grenadine
I hate that nigger is removed from some versions of "Huckleberry Finn" because it's an accurate depiction of how black people were treated back then
I stabbed A cop with a epipen to save his life
i'd hit that to the left of the green or you might end up in the bunker
I completely demolished her vagina monologues performance in my weekly Theatre column
I gotta get to the dog fight ing museum to give a speech about my grandfather, the tuskegee airman. I'm very proud of my heritage
I HAVE A BOWL OF FROSTED MINI WHEATS EVERY MORNING
I'm packing heat resistant tiles into the trunk for my new fireplace
I shouted 'back that ass up' when that mule got too close to my kids
I LOVE TO DRINK A SMOOTH WINE WITH MY OSSO BUCO 
I poisoned her whole team with toxic spikes
Tim made me crack up by intoducing me to quickmeme.com
Five O Clock meeting today 
Ball so hard that I might keep it away from my children to keep them from getting hurt
Hey man pass the weed killer. I have yard work to do
I never finished High School  Musical 2
i like kool-aid man jokes from all my white friends
BANGIN 7 GRAM ROCKS AND TWO PORNSTARS WHAT IF CHARLIE SHEEN WAS BLACK?
I RUN THESE STREETS EVERY MORNING BEFORE HEADING IN TO THE OFFICE.
i'm packing heat jerseys to wear to the game in miami
I don't know who my children are talking to online, so i installed web monitoring software
i can't swim for at least 30 minutes.  I just enjoyed a nutritious lunch and don't want to cramp up.
I love KFC the kenya film commission supports some great independent film-makers
Im black Nigga
Because I got High scores on my sats, I got into the college of my choice
Then I pulled out my glock -enspiel and played some Mozart for my guests
I killed my neighbors weeds with an animal-friendly herbicide
i got swag curtains for the living room, how do they look?
All you had to do Was follow the damn train cj
I am going to leave my kids a large amount of inheritance if i were to tragically die.
I DID SOME TIME SHARE DEALS ONLINE AND HAD A GREAT VACATION WITH MY FAMILY
OJ DIDN'T DO IT alone. He must've had an accomplice
my car is full of guns and roses music
i beat my wife at scrabble
I got a shank of lamb to braise for my date tonight.
Snap yo fingas at my butler, he'll come right over.
careful it's a trap
Back it up to the part of your powerpoint about synergy,. 
Booty booty booty booty rocking everywhere This pirate ship is making me seasick
I hate all these crackers that they sell at GBC, they're so overpriced
has 10 kids in his classroom because he teaches special needs children
I'll break your face painting record at the charity event this weekend
My dad used to hit me fly balls. Now I play for the Yankees
I'M GONNA DROP A LOAD ON THIS BITCH AND BUY HER A NICE RING. i THINK SHE'S THE ONE.
I'm packing heat pouches in case it's cold at the camp site.
I hate crackers I prefer snacks that are lower in sodium
i got 2 black eyes and a fat lip from my mom
Show me your booty hole First time colon cleansing?
Let's pop this guy a bottle of champagne
i used to represent NWA Northwestern airlines
I love to eat watermelon salad with fresh feta, shaved fennel, and microgreens
Look at my huge cock this ceramic rooster will look great in the new family room
im gonna pop a cap off of this champagne bottle to celebrate 25 years of successful business
A black guy, A White guy and another black guy walk in to a bar   Suddenly a meteor strikes the earth rendering the planet inhospitable for life and making the racial differences between the men inconsequential.
I'ma shoot you an email about those 4th quarter projections.
Yo, Nigga is a very derogatory term for my people
I love white girls lol u mad
Knocked off the convenience store franchise fees
Ive been to jail three times This game of Monopoly has been crazy
I GOT A BIG DICK Tracy comic book collection.
i hate white people i still hate white people
I have a big black portfolio where i keep all my business proposals
I'm a wife beater wearer. They are very comfortable undershirts in the hot Summer months.
I dont have a job to offer you at this point
why black cock so big ans scary? two words: 12 inches
You better check yourself into the Waldorf-Astoria for my son's wedding this April
That driver cut me off, so i shot him a dirty look
i'm always getting high test scores because i spend most of my time studying at the pcl
i cant swim because this is a working vacation.
stupid nigger
I love prison sex It's my favourite tool song
i picked up a hoe and some weed  Since I find it difficult getting a nut off when I am not high on weed.
My huge cock  stimulates the hens into producing larger than average eggs
I hate crackers but i'll make an exception if they're served with a fine gruyere
FUCK WHITEY BUGLER. HE'S A CRIMINAL AND I'M GLAD THE AUTHORITIES ARE PROSECUTING HIM.
my penis is 25 inches .....soft
 i grew up
I will shoot you... a text after I get done eating dinner. 
Jumped Someone he left his lights on so his battery was dead
You got a sexy ass body and your ass looks soft Girl let me touch it let me tell if it soft
Where ma dawgs at? The trainer is going to be here any minute.
I beat that cop to the door so I could hold it open for him
I've got a 10 inch cock and when that rooster's fully grown it'll be 2 feet tall
LETS GET BAKED GOODS TO CELEBRATE YOUR GOOD GRADES
Give me all your money so that i can properly invest it
Let's Go Shot For Shot At the Driving Range so we can critique our golf games 
I'm going to steal your stuff magazine for a while.
hey man, i have a joint business account with our law firm in D.C.
Hand over your car keys and nobody gets hurt You've had too much to drink tonight
I hate crackers I am a gluten free kinda guy
your brother? i do not know him,  or what is up him
Hand me that weed- wacker, the lawn is disgusting
I hate crackers when they don't have peanut butter on them
I beat my son in a race to the car
PUT YOUR HANDS UP! AND PRAISE JESUS!
I sell crack filler for walkways and patios
wu tang clan is not suitable for my children.
Dates only black women with blonde hair and blue eye contacts
Here comes the PoPo Mr. PoPo from Dragonball Z what a character
call me if you need some grass, i recently invested in a sodding business
tupac yeah, we went to juilliard together.  
I Really love thick white wool socks in the winter
I did hard time at stanford getting my law degree
I take money orders. No personal checks, sorry for the inconvenience
I Have a Giant Cock -er spaniel, and it needs grooming
I stole my wife's heart on our first date.
I will fuck your wife swap recordings if you don't tell me where the remote is.
GIVE ME THE BLUNT CRITICISM I NEED TO ACHIEVE TO THE BEST OF MY ABILITIES AT MY WORKPLACE
I need a joint bank account so my wife can take advantage of the clearance sale at Tiffany's.
I got three kids I've never met  such polite, intelligent, and eloquent children like them before. me and my wife are so proud. 
I'll have a blunt and honest conversation about drugs with my children
I hope you like anal retentive men.
i have sickle cell anemia jokes that you will find hilarious
mmmmm! peanut butter and crack sandwich
I really need a blunt assessment of why this project is failing
Its time to end this argument so we can forgive each other for our mistakes
I don't know my kids personally because I teach a  300 person lecture.
I'm so sick of these crackers I want ritz with my tuna salad
i can't pay this month's rent without thinking about how fortunate I am to be living in a penthouse in Manhattan. 
Successfully  Steals $500 worth of drugs
I'm gonna get me a 40  Dollar withdrawl from the ATM from my Credit Union
I did a driveby with Tyrone The Christmas lights look good
I beat a white guy in a presidential election 
why do you ruin everything
I got so high up in this corporation by embracing synergy
I have a large cock tail party tonight that I am hosting at my residence in upper manhatten
I take coke When the restaurant doesn't sell Pepsi
I have a hard, black, 15 inch Macbook pro. its the largest size available.
I just found a nice long J -Stor article, it should prove quite useful for my research paper
Do you like rich black men? You do, you do, you do-ooh!
I beat my girlfriend to reaching for the check
i handed over the 100 grand he gave me a twix
i'm going to cut you a check for your kid's charity fundraiser
I love Ice Cube In Are we there yet.
I will kill you with the funny joke i'm going to tell you.
Today i got arrested development seasons 1-2 on dvd. i love that show.
I Put Bullets In My Powerpoint To Look More Professional
I did 2 years rehab after my car accident
You can't talk with a gun in your mouth! Gum! I mean it's hard to talk with gum in your mouth!
I like the rap -port Diane Rehm has with her guests.
I'm going to cut you a break since you've been working so hard this week
I got my kids high fiber foods since they were constipated
I'm reaching for my 9mm thick smartphone
Fuck the police... Have such a tough job.
You don't know about the projects i have to do in order to get my masters degree in architecture 
Hey! Who brought the crackers to my party They go quite well with this caviar 
Dude try my grinder Nothing is better than fresh Coffee  
Time to Wake and bake A nutritious meal for my wife and kids 
I put my bitch on a leash when i take her out to the dog park so she doesn't run away
You look like a homo -wner in need of insurance.  Here's my card.
uncle tom and aunt betty are coming for dinner
Dat Ass- tronaut is an inspiration to us all
I beat those women to the sales at target on black friday
The minority of your residence hall Who's majoring in Visual Arts
I CAN'T FIND A JOB for my 'charaters of the bible'         action figure  collection.
I'm going to whip you up some hot chocolate before you leave for work
Let's get naked juice with our meal plans at the atrium
I dominate the court as a lawyer
They call me  Porsche Monkey
I went to jail To check in on successful white man
I have a police record in my collection of vinyl disks
My wife left me instructions for when she's away on business
Big booty Bitches im black
Saw a naked guy Raped in the ass
I shot that man an e-mail regarding his car on craig's list
Let's do a Joint Conference Call with the other departments
I love crack No seriously. I may be a successful businessman, but I still love the stuff.
i hate white people thinking that i would ever have anything against them just because i'm their black boss and they're my white subordinates.
My friends call me oreo I'm not sure why
eating fried chicken a lot isn't good for your health. remove the skin and broil it
I'm going to take all of your money that you have in your Traditional IRA account and convert it over to a Roth IRA. 
I got benjamins steakhouse gift certificates for my employees.
got my bro some crystal glassware for a wedding gift
I killed a man eating tiger on a hunting safari
Nigga Please Become a word I can say with authority.
I'm a Player /coach on my corporate softball team
i think weed is cool just kidding
i love hoes and rakes and other farming implements!
I never learned to read bass cleft because I chose to play alto saxophone
I've been in and out of jail for ten years as a counsellor to help the inmates start a new life
I'll pop a cap off the champagne, and wish you a happy new year
I kept slapping her until she spit out the food she was choking on
fuck tha police i'm fbi
throw some d's on that report card and you're grounded son
BROUGHT HOME SOME HOES AND WEED Then I beat them and got high 
My dad used to hit me fly balls; now i play for the yankees
ADAM SMELLS BAD. HE REALLY DOES.
They're gonna hang me on the "employee of the month" wall
i was caught stealing second base at the charity softball game
I waxed that ass- ton Martin for my neighbor to pay it forward 
George Bush doesn't care about black people only. He cares about Americans of all races.
I pulled out my 9 iron for this next shot onto the green
She just loves my big 10 inch record of her favorite blues
I always run, shoot, and steal While playing basketball
i cut the pig fetus open in an AP bio dissection
fuck the police state that has developed in Syria
I beat my wife To the kitchen so i can wash the dishes
i'm going to cut you a deal on my accounting services
i love watermelon in a fruit salad
Open your mouth I'm coming in to check for cavities.
I smoke joints of beef, rather than barbequing
i beat my kids downstairs on Christmas morning, to make them breakfast
I can't stand white men can't jump. That's a horrible stereotype.
Black power point backgrounds work well with light colored text
yeah, that's right i dun fucked yo bitch
I broke into  law thanks to DLA Piper's Diversity Initiative
Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles is the best place to get directions when you're lost in Hollywood
I will forever be a blood donor even though needles are scary
I have a huge black berry phone to keep up with my work e-mails
I'm wasted every day my job just doesn't utilize my full potential
I love catfish in my huge aquarium. They're so pretty!
MY WIFE LOVES WAKING UP TO BIG BLACK COCK IN THE MORNING SO I MOVED MY WHOLE FAMILY TO A LARGE FARMLAND WITH PRIME REAL-ESTATE VALUE.
I TAPPED YOUR GIRLFRIEND ON HER SHOULDER TO ASK IF YOU GOT HOME OK
I blew my load of cash on many different charities 
I smell, smoke crack, steal from white people, fuck white bitches, commit domestic violence, and shoot people. Oh yeah, I am also good at sports.
Grew up on the streets of rage video game
Bitches Love my big black Irish Wolfhound.  I had to have him neutered.
Just bought a bunch of PCP for my portfolio as I see a lot of insider buying in this stock
I got high credit scores due to my responsible tendencies to pay bills on time
i smoke salmon for my delicious homemade sushi
BETTER WATCH YOUR STEP CUZ I'm PACKIN' MY SUITCASE FOR NEXT WEEK'S BUSINESS TRIP
to the window, to the wall honey, i think we should go with laminate flooring for this entire room
Give me the blunt version, how are my investments doing?
I like My Coke from Mexico Because they use real sugar instead of Corn syrup 
my wife gets real depressed when i beat her at words with friends, all the time.
I sell weed killer in my lawn care business
I love popeye's old cartoons; they're hilarious!
Give me your car insurance information so i can inform you how to improve your rates
disrespect women, acquire an extremely negative reaction from me
I got arrested development's first three seasons on DVD for us to watch tonight. You better bring the popcorn.
i loaded my glock- enspiel in the car to play at the gala.
i got into harvard because of affirmative action that i took throughout high school, like working hard to get straight A's, regularly volunteering at a homeless shelter, and becoming class president.
Break Yo Self off a piece of this cake. It's delicious! 
Bitch, please my male husky needs companionship
I love to kill A mockingbird it's my favourite book
I'm going to steal a base when we play baseball at the company picnic.
I Need My Crack Fix.. ..ed On My Laptop screen so I can work from home during the holidays
My bitch got pregnant We have the cutest litter of puppies now!
My bitch has been misbehaving lately so I've started watching the dog whisperer to learn some effective training tips
Once you go Black  Friday shopping, you never want to go again
Your daughter is no longer a virgin  Mobile user because my employees have company phones through Verizon 
I LOVE TO PICK COTTON SHIRTS FROM THE HANES STORE  ITS MY FAVORITE KIND OF MATERIAL
i have 19 kids enrolled in the class I'm teaching
This morning I had  CHICKEN... POX!
I got 4 hos in the gardening shed, my neighbors are always asking to borrow my lawn tools.
ear sex, once you go black  you go  deaf
i have sickle cell anemia foundation receipts for over $2,500 in personal donations
Everyday i go outside and hustle to my bmw because it sure is chilly out
wait til you see my dick cheney biography
I Dropped Out Of my previous school to attend millersville and "Seize the opportunity." 
my car is hot after baking in the sun all day
i beat my wife and kids  in a game of scrabble
Pop a cap on your head to prevent skin cancer
I'm gonna hit this crack  With some caulk until I have time to properly replace the siding
I've got 14 inches of snow on my driveway to shovel
Pass me The rock So we can classify it as igneous, sedimentary or metamorphic. 
i missed all my daughter's parent/teacher conferences they conflicted with the weekly pta meetings
Fo' Sheez a jolly good fellow
I'm so ashamed that I'm black Friday shopping but some of these deals are too good to pass up.
I'll run a train on your ass embly line to help speed up production
If you're having girl problems I feel bad for you, son 
My girl loves cock tail dresses, so I bought her several
White women love my skeet shooting abilities 
i'm going to buy a 40 thousand dollar luxury coupe
Shaves his hair Gets called a "malteser".
I got sued up for my first day of accounting work
Spent a lot of time on the streets  teaching my son to ride his bike.
I just did a drive-by to check the exterior condition of the house I'm looking to purchase
they see me rollin' up my sleeves before i eat a nice meal
yeah, i'm holding a high risk security, in a well diversified portfolio
I pitty the fool Is what some gentleman on tv said once
I've got hoes to help move soil in my home garden
long live huey lewis and the news
I collect unemployment statistics to gauge the current state of the economy
Girl walks into towers dining hall: Aye gurl, can I get yo numba? U have a numba dontchu?
I'd tap that soda can before you open it.
They see me rollin' paint on my front porch
I jacked that womans car up to help her change the tire
I saw a man eating chicken. So I kicked his ass, ate the chicken and stole his suit.
I never pull out of my driveway before looking both ways. 
Give me your money for the office fantasy league
 your mom showed me her pussy last night  cats are so silly
i love weed whacking my handicapped neighbors lawn
i didn't know my father had several long-term CDs in my name until i graduated from harvard
I don't support my kids. when they make poor choices.
I'll knock you out of the park with this presentation at the meeting
I am going to shoot you a text message when i get home from work
I love beating women to the door so i can hold it open for them.
I've got some chronic tennis elbow from my time on the college varsity team
i need weed killer for my lawn
all my bitches are akc certified show breeds
I overkilled On my meme silliness
rip these rocks out of the wall and put in the mahogany finish 
This meme is  horribly offensive and racist. Can we cut it out already?
I've never once seen my son disrespect his mother
death to all pigs infected with swine flu
What's up, HO ho ho and a merry christmas
I can't read this small print on my vitamins, honey get my glasses 
My father pushed me To do well in school
i snatched that old lady's purse out of the fire before it got burned
you got beef? Because the coals in this grill are perfect right now
Niggers? No! I said my name was Nick Gerz
Yeah, I have a big dick 
Pass me that Olde English Dictionary, so i can look up this word
i just bought a half brick of white cheddar to pair off beautifully with the wine and grapes i have for an event at my summer home this evening
i bought some weed killer to get rid of the crabgrass in my front lawn
I never pull out my cell phone during meetings
i hate those white crackers. whole wheat is a much healthier option
i smell poo cuz its smeared all over my upper lip
I hit my wife up on my lunchbreak, just to tell her I love her
I love the chronic feeling of satisfaction i get from helping people
I'm addicted to crack ing the New York Times crossword puzzle every morning
DON’T HATE ME CAUSE I GOT BLACK PRIVILEGE AND YOU DON’T WHITE BOY
my father wasn't there but his secretary said he'd call back after the shareholder meeting
I beat women To the door, so I can open it for them
I left my children With their grandparents for the weekend while I take a romantic vacation with my wife.
I love thick socks when its cold 
Girls love my huge weiner dog
I have a big penis envy seminar tomorrow for my behavioral psychology course. 
I'M A THIEF Says my wife, because I stole her heart
I love dat Big Ass Interest rate I'm earning on my Roth-Ira
Raise the roof On my skyscraper so we can conduct repairs
i'm packing heat -ers in the attic now that the weather is getting warmer
I'm going to kill you in this game of checkers
i will cut you a check for this month's child support.
I can't wait to drink this 40 year old cabernet sauvignon
Rihanna better watch her mouth Because I'm about to give it a loving and gentle kiss
Girl I'm gonna slap dat Broom out of your hand, you've been working all day.
I killed that settlement meeting. --Successful Elie
I'm good at jumping, shooting, and stealing at our company basketball games
Yes I have herpes... your point?
Walked outside to a shooting of a new MTV special about my house.
i dont pay child support cases as much attention as domestic violence cases, because we have a dedicated team working on them
I love white women Black women, asian women, and hispanic women
murder was the case that they gave me and i appreciate that the partners at my firm have entrusted me with our client's freedom.
YOU GONNA GET RAPED at the car dealership if you don't do consult Kelly Blue Book beforehand
i just bought some weed killer for my wife's garden
i wont have my daughter going to a white mans home until i buy a gift basket and a bottle of wine for the gentleman
 i am tatted up like a mothafucka under this sexy suit i got on
My son  got really high Scores on his finals
ICE CUBE HES A FUNNY ACTOR
If you run, I will shoot you an email with some great fundraising tips for your first mayoral campaign.
I'll shoot you an email, so we can meet up for dinner
fuck you ho, what nigga what is a misrepresentation of my client's viewpoint concerning women
huge cock fighting ring closed after my reconnaissance
We're gonna need more crack accountants hired if we want to maximize our tax returns this annum.
I don't tip less than 15%
I have a fat cock And now he can't wake us up yelling Cockadoodledoo
Give me your cell phone So I can show you this useful app I designed
Found Out I have 3 more kids To take on our Boyscout camping trip
bring your glock -enspiel to orchestra practice today. It has a higher pitch than the xylophone, thus adding dynamics to our symphony
I snort coke What? All the successful people do it
I sell drugs thanks to this great pharmaceutical internship i landed through du's career center
I pick cotton i am a slave
need a slave? Just use small pliers to reposition the jumpers to the configuration shown on the label of your hard drive
Black Power point presentation backgrounds set a strong yet neutral tone for my audience.
I have a cocaine problem on my chemical engineering homework
I FOUND YOUR KEYS! IF YOU WANT THEM BACK YOU WILL HAVE TO PAY! me a visit, you can come and collect them whenever you like. :) Give me a ring:
I am a raging alcoholic  advice counselor 
At seattle university diversity is part of our mission statement! only 6 black students and 5 are on the basketball team!
everyone put your hands up and accept jesus christ
I pulled out of the stock market just in time
I'm bringing home a chocolate bitch She's a rescued labrador retriever
I hit my son with a list of chores, they help teach responsibility.
enjoyed two bowls of honey nut cheerios this morning
Gotta bust out my 9 Iron to get it on the green from here
I'm addicted to crack lin' oat bran
I'm a player on my company's co-ed softball team
ME AND MY DOGS ARE IN THE DPG THE DOG PARK GROUP MEETS EVERY THURSDAY AT THE LOCAL PARK
I've got 99 problems Left on my practice Lsat
I just got baked apple pies for my family at mcdonalds
n-i-g-g-a -r-d-l-y. Niggardly, the word that won my first spelling bee
I beat my children To buying the new iPhone 5.
That's it, I've had enough with League. I'm going to feed my family after this next game
Straight outta Compton community college  Next stop harvard law
I keep it real comfortable in my house.  Around 70 degrees.
I make a living off the  street view application i invented on google maps
I can't read a book now because I have to finish this assignment
Kentucky fried chicken stocks went up
david decastro is the smallest player on the team  no excuses.
pass the blunt weapon by in skyrim. edged weapons are much more efficient.
i got beat  by the police officer as favorite at my son's career fair
Never knew my dad had such an excellent 401k
i beat my wife home from work so i surprised her with a nice dinner
I love coke Zero, i'm watching my calories lately
i love watermelon flavored crack
Bitches aint shit they are people
I sell drugs at cvs to people with a valid rx from a licensed physician 
Once you go black you don't go back to blue ink when signing employee paychecks
You trippin, son Take a second and tie your shoes.
I never pull out my wallet in a bad neighborhood. i grew up in one and i understand the dangers.
I got Arrested For Stealing Your Car, Tv, And Playstation.......THEY ARE MINE BITCHES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
let's get baked Alaska, i hear they do it very well at this restaurant
sagging pants just lost 50lbs
I will cut you a piece of this cake it's delicious
i struck my wife a great deal on a new car
I chased down the girl on WERTLAND TO GIVE HER BACK the $20 she dropped
I love getting High fives from the VP of Sales
after 9 months, they finally delivered my black oculus developer kit in the mail
i can't swim 
ink my whole body fucking pen blew up
I had one night stand but i donated it to charity
Yeah i got  a crack problem luckily my nephew fixes driveways
I love watermelon, fried chicken, and Grape kool-aid but so does everyone else who has ever had watermelon, fried chicken, or grape kool-aid
I HAVE AIDS ON CALL if i ever get sick
My father beat me in the  new Wii bowling game. He's surprisingly really good!
I hate white people that are racist
asshole stole my chicken so i took his life
can you spare a quarter of an hour to go over these sales projections?
I need to find the kool aid and dispose of it, I want my children drinking non sugary beverages
Rent = 130 pounds. Student Oyster card = 10 pounds. Tuition fees = 13,000 pounds. Eating Hare Krishna food and sneakily tipping 1 p into the tin = Priceless
What's up my N eighbor? How are you today?
BRACE YOURSELF, FOOL ING AROUND ON FERRIS WHEELS CAN BE DANGEROUS.
I'm going to lay down some fresh beets for this exquisite moroccan salad recipe I found in epicurean monthly.
I'll have to take care of this with my 9mm Wrench. These bolts are metric.
I'm Totin' A Glock -enspiel to my son's band practice
Im so high up in my new apartment building
get down syndrome individuals more financial support
i'm gonna drop you and the kids off at the door and find a parking space
when i get home from work I light up my son's imagination reading him harry potter
GIMME SOME CHANGE ALREADY, OBAMA! SO MANY UNFULFILLED CAMPAIGN PROMISES
suck my dick if you want to get that promotion bitch
Pass that blunt editorial about the stock market
I played her a classical piece that I wrote for her on the piano.
I'll do anything to make sure my dog wins her fight against cancer. She's a part of our family.
I Killed that guy with kindness. Made the sale!
i beat my wife and kids in a game of monopoly last night
Yes im black So whatcha gonna do 'bout it faggot? 
The community suspects me of being responsible for rejuvenating this area
I always show my cock pit to guests in my private jet
I beat my wife to the kitchen so I can make her dinner
I got swagger Scented old spice instead of pure sport
Roommate...Classmate... Lab Partner...OR GUY FROM THE EMAIL LAST NIGHT???
I took that bitch to pound town stray dogs are a menace to the community
I've got 99 problems left on this LSAT Practice exam.
i left my pregnant wife and child at home when i went to the mall to do some Christmas shopping
I feel like it's time to roll up all my spare change and make a deposit at the bank
Fuck the police... ...are letting that hoodlum get away
Yo Dawg Has a lovely coat, is it a German Shepard? 
i need a 40 year fixed rate mortgage for my new house in malibu
Last year Okwandu was my ni- gerian friend I could relate about being away from home.
all my kids are high school musical fans
My daughter is 16 and pregnant 's co-producer
stereotypes! because no matter how hard you work to get ahead... you'll always be that "fried chicken eatin' rapper thug" in the back of their head
I never knew my father was so good at golf
I force my wife to have sex talks with our children
I hate whitey tighties i only wear boxers
I'm down with OPP Because the Ontario Provincial Police are Canada's finest
My dick is 3 inches from the ground. ehhhhhhhhh.
The cops beat me the fuck up because I'm black. Seriously, police brutality is a problem.
Fuck these pigs in a blanket are delicious
I love the heroin -e in the kill bill movies
My brother is still in a Prison break marathon with his wife.
I SMASH ON CRACKERS before I mix them into my minestrone soup.
I'm going to take your wallet from the lost and found to return it.
i'd rather be blind, deaf, and dumb than black -mailed by any of my competitors. negative publicity would send my billion-dollar company down the hole.
I have a humongous dick van dyke dvd collection
I raped this guy today. His name was Arona.
I need a dollar to  wipe my behind
i'm leaving my wife and kids hundreds of thousands of dollars with my new life insurance policy
I'm going to pop a cap on my head so I don't get sunburned enjoying the lovely weather
I can teach you to ball Phyllo dough for the perfect Spanakopita
Tonight, I'm shooting Austin Rivers Angry looks from the risers 
I'm Castro Told you I was black
i hope this bitch looks as good as she does online i'm very selective when it comes to breeding my poodle
Im from the hood -ed pines Country club
I have AIDS Since as a busy executive only one assistant is not sufficient
Fuck the police filing system, it's so inefficient 
I'm so sick and tired of these white people not being accepted as good rappers
I once killed a man and kidnapped his daughter In an episode of Law and Order
I've never known my father Christmas figurines to fail to bring joy to the holidays
i beat the pussy up the stairs before she could get all the kitty litter
empty your pockets i don't want any loose change getting in our new washer
I love white chicks The cinematic talents of the wayans brothers are actually quite underrated
I RUN MY SHIIT -take mushrooms under water before I saute
cocaine is eric clapton's best song, in my opinion.
It would be easier if i were white box testing
check out my piece I have written on marketing policies
I need fried chicken and kool aid Off of my child's cafeteria menu and replaced with healthier alternatives
I got Arrested for being jamal
i spent 4 years at  folsom  state university
i need a white bitch to breed with my Pomeranian
Imma 'bout to catch this snitch and win the match for Gryffindor
I just fucked a white girl my wife
Time for a joint meeting with my supervisors 
fight the power companies that use fossil fuel. support renewable energy
White POWER ranger is my favourite
i represent a defendant CEO who is an upstanding citizen and family man and who is innocent until proven guilty
I have a huge Dick  yes it's really that big  not a meme 
i want to tap that ass -istant's shoulder and tell her to turn that music down
I'm going to rob and jane's house for book club
black power strips will not only protect against electrical fires but will also match the decor
deez nutz are delicious! thanks, stewardess
i pulled out my 9 iron at the golf course
That blunt comment was very off-putting 
I will steal your heart. What can I say? I'm a charmer.
always brags about his huge dick van dyke anthology he has on DVD
I Love Crack ing open pistachio nuts
Man, I will break you off a piece of my toblerone chocolate, if you want some.
damn girl you fine i would like to tap that ass. what. i'm not allowed to be attracted to a beautiful woman? i may be respectable in public but I am anything but that in the boudoir.
I Tested Positive For my bone marrow donation
The driver forced me to sit in the back of the shuttle Because there were no more seats in the front 
I AM the niggest
Loves fried chicken and watermelon Cause he is black.
I have to get out of jail soon or i'll never win this game of monopoly.
I'm gunna pop a cap Off this amazing fair trade organic linguine sauce
I LOVE WHITE WOMEN 's wedding gowns, so I opened a bridal boutique on Rodeo Drive.
I busted my nut cracker dvd
I gunned down the street to apprehend the criminal and retrieve the old lady's bag
I am a successful criminal defense lawyer
I'm High up on the food chain. They have me pegged for VP of Operations starting Q1 in 2012.
I need my fried chicken to be baked, I have high cholesterol
Do you want some coke it's right next to the salad in the fridge
What up nigga Is not an appropriate way to greet people
I killed a blood carcinoma by administering a high ph therapy to my patient
has shootout with police at local hoops for hodgkins fundraiser
I Hate foreigners early hits. I Prefer their later hits
damn, look at that fat ass the farmer should be more responsible when feeding his animals
I Make it rain in my son's terrarium
I left my wife and kids in a posh hotel while i attended an out-of-town business meeting
I cut a guy from the company softball team
Let's get it in to the dealership, this car has a flat tire
im in a gang of excellent stock brokers 
I said "biiiitch" Is a derogatory word I would never call my woman
I have sixteen kids In Sims 3, nightlife
i have 10 kids who i sponsor in africa for 10 cents a day
watermelon chicken Woop, wopp this partaa just got started only 'cause i walked in! Yeah that's right bob is my name! and yeah i love me watermelon and chicken! hehe! Mwahahahahaha! I know you love me :D I am the hottest guy in the world! Right? right? ri
Have a big penis shaped rococo sculpture in the foyer of my penthouse.
skeet skeet shooting, with my fully registered 20 gauge, on my uncle's horse farm in connecticut
Back in the day  I was the O.G. Outstanding graduate
I WISH I WAS WHITE water rafting instead of stuck here at the office
I love to drill my girlfriend by quizzing her with my old flashcards from medical school
I made that bitch spread her legs Because I assisted the vet in delivering her puppies
i shoot people with my nikon d7000
I just fucked that ginger Ale recipe up, we'll have to start over
Going to shoot students at rutgersfest an email to warn them of impending danger  - Kenneth b cop
I LOVE FRIED CHICKEN ESTABLISHMENTS THAT SUPPORT GAY RIGHTS
Nigger Chris Hansen It's all about the booty.
Pull out my 9 Credit cards, one of these has to be accepted here
MY WIFE LOVES BIG BLACK COCKS SO I PURCHASED SEVERAL LOCAL FARMLANDS
i'm jail breaking my new i-phone
show me your pussy cat. i'm a veterinarian.
Going bald Women love bald black guys
I Shot my friend full of antigens, so he wouldn't get the flu.
I met a girl at the office party and hit her up on Facebook
ill bust a cap -tion on your meme if you cant think of something
i'll cut you another piece of cake if you would like one?
I shot this guy on the corner of my desk an email about personal space
I like anal women They know how to keep things organized
CHRONIC back pain.  I'm working on a cure. 
i beat my wife (is acually dolan) Caption 3 goes here
I need some KFC stock because those prices are only moving up
This is my jam picked the strawberries myself
  i need to get a hit soon or our company softball team will lose to chase manhattan...again
White girl comes as virgin White girl goes home pregnant
Got all the Black Bitches Mad cause my main bitch vanilla
fried chicken and grape drink are not part of a healthy and balanced diet
suck my cock, bitch did you really think the first line was going anywhere?
I destroyed that pussy cat doll Cd you gave me, their music is terrible
I'ma tap that hidden potential in all my clientele
Time to pop a cap off that champagne bottle to celebrate my daughter being accepted into harvard
I have a huge penis but not because i'm black
